"I would not buy this product again. It does what it should but If I had to do it again I would just stick with detaling microfiber towels from Viking/Cobra."
"Bought this for my spare tire on my utility trailer. Very inexpensive (cheap), flimsy and loose fitting. Seems like it can be broken off easily. Will probably end up getting a cable lock. This device doesn't really give me a sense of security. I suppose for only five bucks you get what you pay for."
"The size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous. The funnel is 10"" long but the section that comprises the tubular section is only 6"" long. It states that the funnel is 4"" x 4"" but in reality the opening for the funnel is 2-1/4"" in diameter at the widest point.It would work to put a quart container of a liquid into something but for any larger container it is going to be worthless."
"I am using this on a Curt receiver and the length is perfect.  It appears to be of high quality construction (with a bit if weight to it) and this design prevents any rattling on bumpy roads.  My only complaint is that it gets rust buildup inside the lock mechanism after a few months, so you need to clean it periodically.Update:A great deal of dirt has found its way into the lock mechanism so I guess the fit is not secure like it should be.  Also it is now rusting which I find a bit odd in all stainless construction.  I see the head design has changed based on the new picture here so maybe the issue is fixed now."
"I am a car RV detail guy. My car and RV must be shining new all the time. I thought I had found the best shine wax protection using an rv wax called protect-all with UV inhibitors in it prior to trying this Flagship wax and used it for years and it did the job and nothing else on the market ( so I thought) was going to top it for fiberglass. I use McGuires Fiberglass restorer and that did the most amazing removal of oxidation on an older RV I restored back to new so I knew it had to be good and tried it.I ADDED REVISED REVIEW TO END OF ORIGINAL REVIEW ON THIS PAGE.........................................................................................................................Well after applying this Flagship wax to my already clean and shiny RV it took the shine to a whole higher level. 1st off it does go on easy, once on its stays kind of moist like but drys SOFT LIKE but it comes off nice, then I follow with 2nd dry cloth to make sure its completly off and shiny and it does come off easy and it does clean finish up leaving a nice shiny glazed surface. But you need to change up rags often because it cakes and smears if you dont.I read reviews on Amazon which enticed me to give it a try. One said dont let dry any longer then 3 min and bottle claims same ( This is very true I am so pleased at results.The biggest improvment was the nice gold painted bottom of the Motorhome where the paint looked good before but now the paint looks glazed, shiny, and rich like I never was able to get this high a shine before. It also does not cling to plastic, windows or rubber everything it touches it comes off of leaving a high shine on it, So I used it on everything.NOW THIS IS MY REVISED REVIEW AS OF AUGUST 2013. AFTER USING THIS AND LIKING IT AT 1ST... I FOUND IT WILL CONTINUE TO BEAD BUT WATER STREAKS SEEM TO STICK AND STAY ON WAXED SURFACE ON FIBERGLASS EVEN WASHING WONT REMOVE THEM EASY. SO I WENT BACK TO USING PROTECT-ALL ON MY RV. IT SHINES AS WELL BUT ALSO THE WATER STREAKS ARE MINIMAL AFTER A RAIN AND WASH OFF EASIER.I also find the protect-all brand wax to last long and come off cleaner after applying wax leaving a cleaner shine.Making it far easier to do a big RV in less time then Flagship wax. I FOUND fLAGSHIP TO BE CAKY THICK AND HARDER TO REMOVE AND HAVING TO CONSTANTLY GET FRESH RAGS TO MAKE IT EASY TO GET OFF.........So we tried it- liked it at first but then a week or so later found the flagship to not be as good as what I used for years in the Protect-all brand. I LOVE McGUIRES PRODUCTS MOST TIMES."
"I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it."
"Only fair.  NOT very durable and do NOT fully secure the trailer.  Spend the extra $$$ and get the X-Block and / or the Fastaway (we now use both, Fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in)"
"The &#34;feet&#34; on this bar slides off the truck bed sides and makes it worthless.When the ratchet is extended, the mechanism for that ends up out of arms reach when standing outside the truck."
"Bit of a let down here. From all the reviews, I thought maybe my search for the perfect nozzle would come to an end. It didn't. The sequencing of spray patterns on this nozzle is not what you are used to. Sure, it has a unique ability to produce a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect, but when switching between patterns it passes mostly through various streams of concentrated water that dench anything in its way. If you are trying not to splatter mud, create craters or wash away feshly planted seeds, this is not your nozzle. Maybe it makes more sense on cars."
"You are better off going to your local department store and buying the Craftsman brand nozzle instead. It is identical to this one except the green part is silver. And it comes with a lifetime replacement guarantee unlike this Bon-Aire one. It's also about the same price.That said, I prefer a trigger type nozzle because to turn this off, you have to rotate it several revolutions and then it doesn't remember the spray setting you were at. This type of nozzle may be good if you're holding it for a long period of time watering your garden or something like that, but for washing your car when you only turn the water on periodically, it doesn't work as well as a trigger type hose nozzle."
"When looking at these products, simply calculate the actual cost per square foot. for example this""speaker kit"" contains 1.38 square feet, for around 22 bucks(price fluxuates like its a stock or something?)can u think of anything thats worth 15 dollars a square foot? there are so many cheaper alternatives. dynamat is an awsome product, and it does work. but for those of us not made of money, search this ""butyl flashing tape"" u will be glad u did."
"I returned because it is just too much work to install and I find it hard to believe they would make much difference."
"Does not make a noticable enough difference in sound quality to justify it's cost. I installed it inside of my doors using the roller and lots of elbow grease. All parts of the dynamat that I installed have good contact with the metal. I would return this but it is stuck to my car door..."
"You'd better trust your Jack Stands if you have any intention of getting under your car.I thought these were a good option but I changed my mind after receiving them...For whatever reason, justified or not, I felt uneasy seeing how much they rattle.I decided to take my car to the mechanics and ended up never using them. I forgot to return them and then it was too late...So two stars because they do not inspire me any confidence."
"the first time I used it out of the box, one stand's neck is broken. I decided this brand is the one I should avoid. And let my friend know it."
"BAD PRODUCT, WRONG WELDED, ITS ONLY WELD INSIDE, BUT NOT OUT SIDE,SO IS NOT RECOMENDED TO USE IT UNDER CAR. PLEASE DONT MAKE MY MISTAKE, IS NOT WELD RIGHT.THIS ITEM HAVE TO BE WELD IN BOTH SIDE, INSIDE AND OUT SITE, NOT ONLY INSIDE.THE PIN OR SECOND SAFETY PIN IS NOT GOOD AT ALL, IT MOVE AND DOES NOT HOLD THE POST RIGHT, ITS LIKE NOTHING, SO DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO HAVE IT.--- TORIN WANTS TO SEND IT BACK EVERY YEAR FOR ANNUAL INSPECTION,BUT THEY DONT PAY FOR S/H. THIS SHOUL BE 1 TON, NOT 3 TON WITH THIS WELD FORM.MY ITEM LOOK USED NOT NEW, LOOK'S LIKE SOME ONE USE IT AND RETURNED AND THEN, THEY SENT THEM TO ME.  THE UPS DROP IT TO THE FLOOR, CAUSE I HAVE A GATE, SO BE AWARE OF UPS, THEY DONT CARE IF THEY BRAKE IT."
"Fram has a horrific history of manufacturing oil filters that fail. Their filters leak and do a poor job at filtering impurities. There are websites devoted to discussing oil and oil filters and Fram products are nearly universally criticized and avoided. There are also videos online that investigate Fram oil filters and they are nearly all universally negative.Purolator, Wix (NAPA), Mann, Mahle, are some quality filters. Fram are the worst filters and you are risking harming your bike."
"This device attaches securely to the tow vehicle, but at a cost.They are cumbersome to attach and detach, with several moving parts and the potential to scratch the tow vehicle paint during either process if you don't have three hands available.To attain the secure vibration free fit, you must crank down on the ratcheted web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attaches to the window channel. It also deforms the rubber window seal.Foam pads protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwise rub on the body, but if the area isn't meticulously clean beforehand I can see where it would dull the paint over time.Because of the metal claw part that fits into the window channel, raising and lowering the window caused a screeching sound on my driver's side window.Finally, when they are detached from the door, they make for a very bulky awkward device that doesn't store conveniently or compactly in the vehicle.I'm sending them back."
"This is a piece of junk.! The straps stretch, the plastic clips slip off while tightening, and the dam things fall off while driving. Try to get the type that slide over the existing mirror and have a plastic screw in the back to hold it on.  They do work well."
"1. The viewing surface of the 8 inch mirror is exactly 7.5 inches wide and 2.25 inches high.2. I tried adjustment of the mirror without mounting it. The ball joints on the mirror arm are so tight that adjusting is extremely difficult to nearly impossible.  WD40 did not work, neither did working the joints around to loosen them up.3. So if you try to adjust the mirror after it's mounted, you risk stressing the mounting button glue and the button may fall off.4. When adjusting the mirror, the day/night button kept flipping on/off.  Very annoying.5. The mirror surface itself is very good, no ripples."
"I gave these things a 2 star rating because we have 8 sets of them installed on our county patrol cars.  Not sure what the issue is but the bulbs are burning out at a pretty often rate.  I just had one officer tell me both his lights burnt out last night, 01/23.2014.  Maybe the 130 watt bulb is just getting too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulbs within a years time.  Hope KC reads this and can do something about that issue.  Other than that, they are a great, powerful light that reaches out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you.  Be safe and maybe look for another type of light that will give you longer service life before you spend the money on these."
"I used it on decent-looking leather seats of a 2003 Toyota Sienna.I bought both the cleaner and the conditioner and used them as described. Even if they did what they are supposed to do, I did not realize that. It has not made a difference appearance-wise.Hopefully the treatment will help keep them alive longer. Do I regret buying them? No. I do not."
"I got this Lexol Leather pH Cleaner Spray offline at a local auto parts store...and I am glad I did.I start cleaning my car and the first thing I notice is the citrus smell.  Suddenly half through cleaning the passenger front seat the sprayer broke.  At this point the white cleaning rag I was using was still white and given I had not cleaned the seats in months I just returned it.So I went online and after much research orderedGriot's Garage 11259 Leather Care Spray Kit.  Well, the Griot cleaner cleaned old grime of the leather seats I had cleaned with the Lexol cleaner a week earlier.I have used a variety of leather cleaners over the years and in my experience this one does absolutely nothing."
"I used both the cleaner and the conditioner as described but they did not make a difference on decent looking leather seats in my 2003 Sienna. If they made a difference I have not realized it.I do not regret buying these, I hope they will add to the life of the leather seats even though I have not observed a change in appearance."
"THE JACK STANDS FELL WITH NOTHING ON THEM WHEN I BARELY SHOOK THEM. MADE IN CHINA JUNK. WASTE OF TIME. IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE BUY AMERICAN JACK STANDS."
"I ordered and paid for next day air because I needed it this weekend.  It arrived, but it wasn't what I ordered.  I ordered a pair of jack stands.  I received an engine hoist leveler.I understand mistakes happen.. but it was the way the return has been handled that I have issues with.  UPS dropped it off, but I have to take it to the post office to send it back?  And I wasn't told if they'll wait to ship the right order until they receive this back via the slowest mail service.. so I have no idea when the replacement order will arrive.  A week?  Two weeks?This wasn't my mistake or even a defective product.. this was human error on their part.  They should have told me they'd IMMEDIATELY ship the replacements next day like I ordered.  So far I'm left hanging.  Should I go out locally and get what I need and then end up with an extra set?  Should I hold off a day because they're coming next day?  I don't know.. and that's the point and that's why I gave them one star."
"I used this on my pickup truck because I had been getting some hard starts and rough idles and decreased fuel economy.  For about the past 6 months, I have noticed about a 2mpg drop in fuel economy.A couple of my friends have used this stuff and claimed success, so I gave it a shot.  I added a can to the fuel tank, and half a can each to the crankcase and air intake.  Let it sit and drove it around.  It smoked like crazy as promised.Now, anecdotally, I do think it smoothed out my idle and I haven't had a hard start.  But, there is nothing I can quantify, and I am not sure that the improvements are not all psychological.  I think my truck runs better if I wax it.  My use also coincided with the end of winter, so the operating temperatures can account for the improvements, too.  I did not see an improvement in mpg.So, if this is where my story ended, I'd say give it a go.  If it works, great.  If not, you didn't lose too much.BUT...The second tank after using this I got a o2 sensor code and had to replace a downstream sensor.  To be fair, the truck has 100k, and this could just be the natural lifespan of the sensor.  Since I had already noticed a drop in mpg, the sensor was likely on its way out.  At the same time, I think it is rather interesting that it failed less than 300 miles after using this product when I've been driving around with the diminished mpg for several thousand miles.  My personal belief is that the big blast of smoke just pushed a failing sensor over the edge.So, no, I won't use this stuff again.  Most people have had fine luck, but its not worth the risk for me."
"I have used both cans of this product on different cars. The product results in a tremendous amount of emissions being spewed into the air when sucked into the vacuum system as described in the articles I read about the product before purchasing it. In addition to creating air pollution and drawing angry stares from neighbors, I am simply not convinced the product is effective."
"I used this for years on my car dash and other vinyl areas of the interior. I always thought it worked and protected pretty well although it does evaporate on to the inside of the windshield, which is annoying. It also doesn't seem to last very long and as it starts wearing off, the dash looks very dry.I've since found303 Aerospace Protectant 32oz, and that works much better. It doesn't seem to exhibit any of the aforementioned issues, ie., it doesn't seem to go on to the inside of the windshield, and the shine lasts longer.  It also protects from UV just as well, if not better.  Note that Vinylex contains silicone, which actually damages the vinyl/plastic over time.I'm definitely sold on 303 Protectant over Vinylex now although I really like the Lexol pH leather cleaner and Lexol leather conditioner for my leather."
"This thing leaks on first use. The hoses are not tight and the brake fluids leak everywhere under my hood. Lucky I put 3 towels around the brake fluid tank because I knew this would happen. Will not buy this again."
"There is no swiveling between the cap, the tube and the bottle. In other words, when you screw/unscrew the cap onto the car's brake fluid container, there will be kinking on the tube itself. Untangling the kinks is a chore because the bottle is both quite big and heavy when it is filled with brake fluid. They should have designed with some quick-connect/disconnect like the compressor air hose. That would be an ideal solution, but I guess it will add to the cost for adding that feature. However, I doubt that it would cost much because I browsed through the air-hose connectors at Harbor Freight and they run typically a couple of bucks each. I might modify this bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem."
"The quality of the Bleeder is awesome, however it will take hours upon hours if you plan on actually using this product to bleed your car's brake fluid. You are far better off either using a buddy to pump the brakes and you open the bleeder valve and then press the brakes in 5-10 times, and then closing the bleeder valve and repeat as necessary. You get a higher amount of fluid out each time than using this bleeder. After squeezing the top on it managed to keep 14 PSI (14.5 Recommended for by VW mechanics manual), which literally pushed out 10 drops every minute.If you aren't too sure how to bleed brakes as I stated above, just go on youtube and you'll see what I am talking about.Also the bleeder bottle you can find on amazon as an item frequently bought with this item is worth the money."
"These test leads were way too wimpy for automotive use. Ifter a couple of them pulled apart then I just threw the rest of them out. Low grade product."
CHEEP
"yes, they are wire leads with alligator clips, so if that's your only standard for giving them a good rating...otherwise, trying to use these as jumper wires in electrical work is useless since they have so much resistance due to the very small gauge wire and shoddy connections. they make good clips for hanging paper, lol"
"These things give off a pretty wide pattern for being so small. they could be a tad bit brighter but they are a fog light which is exactly what i needed. Lights feel well made and sturdy. The wiring harness is very well made. Wire is of good quality and is fairly long however, the load wire that goes from the switch to the relay was not long enough and needed to be extended for my needs. The switch that comes with the kit is really nice and has an LED active light thats red when the lights are off and greeen when the lights are turned on, but i wont be using it.EDIT: CRAP! lights started to leak. seems like the weather stripping inside around the lens is way too big and doesnt seal right. took the lights off my front bumper and put them on my rear bumper to use as reverse lights since they didnt give me the light output desired. after almost of week of being on my rear bumper they filled up completely with water even worse than they did on my front bumper and one lens also cracked. going to contact the company or seller to see if i can get a replacement lens. READ ALL REVIEWS BEFORE PURCHASING. THESE LIGHTS ARE NOT THE GREATEST."
"I mounted these on the bumper of my Ford F250. They are about 24"" off the ground; not too close to the pavement by any means. The housings started to leak within a week or two of being installed. I removed the lights and tried sealing with black silicone, but they still leaked. Perhaps because of the leak, the chrome started flaking off within a few weeks.  I now have very good looking lights, which leak, produce nearly no helpful light, and won't stay aimed in the direction I angled them."
"These things are burning our right and left.  We have these installed in 8 of our patrol cars and they don't seem to last more than a few months. Be careful if you order the KC lights with the 130 watt bulbs.  The light reaches out as good as any I've ever seen but the quality of the bulb leave much to be desired"
"Very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless. The internal plunger has a disc with a slot and the T handle needs to engage the disc perfectly or the rod pushes into the grease and not the disc so the grease does not load properly. I have 4 other standard grease guns and these work perfectly but I wanted the pistol grip so I could pump with one hand.I have not idea what the intended purpose is in having the rod disengage from the plunger disc as this is unique in my experience to the Lincoln grease gun."
"Hard to apply and very hard to take off.  This will go in the back of the supply cabinet and only be useed when I am out of P21S.  You definitely get what you pay for in this case."
"Maybe its just me, but I didn't see much difference.  I have a 2010 370Z that I baby, and decided after three years it might be time to detail the finish.  As I said, I baby the darn thing so its garage kept and pretty clean to start with.  I followed the long, involved instructions written by one of the experienced reviewers to the letter. I decided to just do the hood, and then clean/wax the rest of the car for comparison. .  I could see some different in the hood.  It was definitely a higher gloss.  But not a difference that any one else would notice.  Maybe it would be more noticeable in an older car with faded paint.  But I wouldn't waste time doing this again."
"This is a plastic sandwich type holder for the flat 4 wire connector.  Not only did my connector fit loose and tilt at an angle as a result, but the holder did not have a proper channel to fit the cover for the 4 wire connector I just bought. The channel provided for the cover is very small and is evidently application specific. This was a waste of money.  I had to buy a different mounting bracket from a trailer place."
"I'm not shocked that there were no wires, even though the picture shows wires.  But I am surprised that the dust cover - which appears to be integral in the picture - is not included.  All that's in the package is the clamp itself and some self-drilling sheetmetal screws.  Maybe I'll check back some day and see that the picture has been changed or the description has been updated to reflect reality, in which case I'll change the number of stars.  But for now, I'm knocking two stars off for the deceptive ad, and another star for the product really being a fairly cheap piece.  In my opinion, the piece isn't a great value; the price is at best only ""fair"".  And yeah, I know, we're not reviewing prices.  But it's a cheaply-made product which lacks finish; I think the bottom side could've been solid instead of having the exposed ribbing, and I think the included screws (which appear to at least be stainless) should've come with appropriately-sized washers to distribute the load on the plastic."
"I bought this because Amazon suggested that it should be bought along with the brake controller. There is no need for it at all as the brake controller mounted just fine with the included hardware."
"Not sure why, but my this adapter doesnt light up to do the checks as it is suppose to.  I think it is my suv (Audi) that doesnt support just the leds to verify operation.  I kept it anyway as it works fine with the trailer and all the lights work."
"I got these to use on my leather clothes and car seat. Very cheaply made. The white lint from the pad comes off and is a mess to pick up from leather clothes and car seat. Go to dollar store and get microfiber cloth !"
"I used this product on the rear of my disc brake calibers and it was a big wasted of time.Did not push in the piston.I had to use a 6in. C-CLAMP which worked out pretty well.Lisle Disc Brake Pad Spreader LIS-24400"
"The tool worked great on the first set of pads. Went to do the other side and the threaded rod broke loose from the knob. NOT recommended."
"I'm bucking the trend of favorable reviews here.I do give it two stars because it does go on easy, smells decent, and has excellent cleaning capability.  The towel came out more black than with other products, which I assume indicates it is removing a lot of oxidized black rubber/trim.Unfortunately, this product does NOT last.  I covered all the rubber/plastic on my car (two thorough coats), let it soak in/settle for a day, then washed it to get the overwipe/streaks of nearby body panels, etc.  The Meguiar's #40 washed completely off.  It was left worse than before I used the product.  The finish remaining was also very splotchy and looks bad.  Even some interior parts that I applied #40 to were mostly wiped clean after just wiping with a damp towel used to pick up accumulated dust/dirt.  It remained splotchy where there were minor nicks scratches in the plastic/rubber where more #40 had absorbed.Overall, I was very unsatisfied with the results.  I'm not going to say it is the worst product I have ever used, but others that I use are far and away better.  These include 303 Aerospace Protectant which is a very mild, water-based product which also doesn't last but is better than this Meguiars product and has almost no sheen.My previous staple and which I recommend most is actually Armor All Original.  I purchased a Guru Reports analysis on these types of products several years ago and was surprised that this ""old"" product was one of the two best-in-category products (along with Zaino) among over 50 that were tested.  Armor All Original (not other formulations) is very low sheen and also lasts several washes.  It is also about 1/4 the price or less and available everywhere.I'm going back to Armor All Original and recommend that you try it as it performs better than ""boutique"" products.  I would also recommend that you use water-based products on permanent trim, rubber, etc., as the solvent/petroleum-based ones have a tendency to degrade the rubber/plastic over time.  These may be OK for replaceable items like tires or parts that are severely oxidized.  You can generally tell the difference in that water-based products are milky color while the petroleum-based ones are clear.  I do like Meguiar's Hot Shine for severe problems, but not this product."
"dont buy this product, I  bought it for my 2010 toyota corolla because you need a special tool for the oil filter housing, the put where you insert the wrench into broke on the first turn, waste of money. at least amazon let me return it broken."
"3 things.#1 Spring is cheep and installed incorrectly. Snapped on unpacking so i had to twist it to place it the right (better) way and twist the ends toward inside more, because spring is made of cheep metal that bends like aluminum.#2 Size is too big for regular car filters. Toyotas/Hondas/Motorcycles ETC. Maybe a 5Lite For 3500 utility van will have enough filter diameter for this to fit around, or a huge SUV or a pickup truck.#3 Removal only. does not work the other way around to tight the filter."
"I had this thing for a few months and it worked really well for taking off oil filters. It only made it through like 3 or 4 filters until the spring broke though. I don't recommend buying it."
"I think this was my fault for not reading every line of the description before buying.  I saw words like wide range and universal and biting teeth...  What I missed was that it works from 3 1/8 to 3 7/8 inches... I am sure I'll use it, just not as much use as I'd hoped it would get."
"When I first got it, the wrench did work, however, it was never that easy to use due to needing to be flared out first to fit over the filter.  At some point, I lost the spring (not sure why it could even detatch) and then it was rendered completely useless.  Ended up buying a couple of the large socket looking ones that come in three sizes to fit common filters.  They're a bit cheaper, but I had to buy multiple so they end up costing more.  But, they also work, easily, every time."
"Tool feels sturdy and like it would help, but ended up being a useless tool in the arsenal.  I wouldn't recommend this since you can hand tighten the oil filter if you used a textured one like the purolator."
"I've used my Mityvac 7201 less than 10 times.  I have treated it very carefully, as I do all my stuff.  But still, it works poorly for me.The selector valve that you use to switch between evacuating/dispensing is ridiculously difficult to operate.  I can't just push or lift my selector valve to operate it.  No, I have to twist it while pushing/pulling like a madman, and hope I don't break anything (including my fingers).  I was able to loosen it up somewhat by spraying the valve with silicone/Teflon spray, and operating it repeatedly.  But (1) It's still not easy to operate, and (2) I shouldn't have to do that.The expandable plug that must be expanded to evacuate/dispense or removed to pour fluid out is ridiculously difficult to remove.  It's just a poor-fitting device.The tube connector where the main evacuation tube enters the top of the unit leaked when I put it in dispense mode.  I had to pay over $27 to get a replacement ""Tube Connector Kit"" (822566), since my unit is out of warranty.After replacing the tube connector and trying dispense mode again, I found that the top plate leaks.  I had not noticed this before, but it explains why it always took so much pumping when I evacuated oil!  When I use it in dispense mode now, the main tube doesn't leak anymore, but air and oil come out from under the top plate.  I removed the top plate, and sure enough, ""Look Ma, no seal!""  It would be bad enough if the seal had merely failed, but for the seal not to be included in the first place is inexcusable.  Because I didn't notice this problem sooner, the seal (822821) is costing me an additional $13, including a ridiculous $8.75 fee for shipping.Now I've added (not replaced--added) the top seal, and while doing a test, I can hear that the unit leaks air at the top of the pump assembly.  I give up on this thing.This would be a great practical joke if it didn't cost me so much money."
"If it works, it works pretty good.  Chances are you will get one with a missing O ring though.  Several people on car forums I am a member of receive defective items including myself.  I called customer service after multiple emails went unanswered.  I told them I think it was missing an o ring because it would not hold a vaccum.  They said ""yep it might be"" and that was it, no ""we will get one right out to you"" or ship it back for an exchange.  They were very rude.  I just sealed it with some gasket maker and it works now but looks terrible.  I would go with a different unit with beter quality control."
"Used this tool to remove my fuel line on a fuel filter change...OMG I was under the truck for over a hour wrestling with it! Eventually the tool broke! What a piece of junk! I ordered the metal sissor one off of Amazon, got the fuel line off in 2 minutes!!! LITERALLY! I heard the click, and the fuel filter just came out! Save yourself some time and aggrevation...if you have a Ford truck, get the sissor tool, not this plastic junk."
"I got this to try to change out a fuel filter on a 03 F150.  It's very nice that it has a bunch of different sizes, but there's nothing to grab onto.  Once you slip it over the fuel line there's only the little larger piece of plastic to grab, and I was not about to generate enough force to pop off the back fuel line.  I also found that the harder I pushed the more the tool sort of opened up.  If you could get your fingers directly behind the wide end of this tool you could really generate a lot of force and probably pop the fuel line off easily.  The way it's set up, though, you can't.While it's more expensive, I think the larger aluminum one-size tools seem like the way to go.  There you actually have something to hold onto.  I should add, though, that I have a feeling my fuel line is a bit rusted / gummed up and so perhaps under normal conditions this tool might work without a huge amount of effort.  Pushing as hard as I could, though, I was not able to get the fuel line off with this tool."
"I decided I needed a new seal puller and picked this up cheap here on Amazon. I tried to pull two seals with it today and it just tore through them like a can opener. It would have been easier to use a hammer and a chisel."
"These will slip off and damage the clamp as well as skin your knuckles.Maybe if you were in a place with good access to the clamp it would work. I was despirate when I bought these and just wasted money"
"Nice rig but it becomes unhappy and sticks if you use it in cold weather , below 40 sit seems to stick. So if it sticks your back to using it as a tire inflator and using your tire pressure guage again. The entire reason for this thing is to pump air in read it your done. Not the case. If it sticks not you have lost faith in it."
"I should have returned this. It's no strobe light. The Inductive Timing light is so much easier, at least where you have battery power. Its made well but be sure to have the device fully inserted into the wires. Mine fell on the floor for not double checking the wire attachments and it could have damage it."
"I bought this first thinking it would be a good buy.  I left it in my glove box, only to find it one day, bent.  Did not last long in storage.  I then I bought the digital tire pressure and tread depth combo.  Way better product.  Look up - Accutire MS-48B Digital Combination Tire Thread Depth Gauge and Tire Pressure Gauge"
"Far too flimsy. This thing feels like it needs to be packed to the gills in order to retain its rectangular shape. Would also appreciate some type of rubber/velcro grip on the bottom so it's not sliding around in my trunk when lightly loaded.It does it's job, hence the no-return, but at the same time I didn't expect &#34;soft sided&#34; to mean &#34;collapsable in all situations except fully loaded."
"I wish this had rigid dividers instead of just fabric. The unit is too floppy in general unless you load it up with a lot of stuff.This is only a tiny but more useful than a standard duffel bag.I would recommend you spend a bit more and get this one -Snap-on 870116 21-Inch Trunk Organizer and Tool Carrier. I did and am much happier with it as it is ridid and seems to hold just about as much stuff."
"I really wasn't impressed with the overall result of this Polish, as part of the Mother's 3-step kit. I used all 3 steps, and still think I get better results from Tech Wax."
"It would have been a five star review. But 409 works better, on cleaning up a bike. Mother just makes the part you use it on look wet, and leaves the dirt beneath. Four stars..."
"This kit seems like more of a hassle than it was worth. After using one clay bar, my car's finish was indeed smoother, but it looked exactly the same. A few little spots of sap came out here and there, but I honestly think the same thing could've been achieved with Goo Gone and Windex."
"I have been detailing cars and aircraft for forty years.I have tried almost every thing out there as far as waxes and cleaners go.I'm am a old school Simoniz guy. Yea, lots of work...but it works.I would always use a cleaner first, Dupont worked.I figured it might be time to try something new.So I tried the Mothers clay bar. Did not work well.I tried Meguires Clean and wax and that stuff is great.Tried Klasse, real good stuff.Micro fiber.. the more you spend, the better you get.The clay was a joke."
"Purchased this product to remove a minor scratch, it ate through my clearcoat and left me with $400 in damage. Had an auto detailer look at the damage before getting it fixed, he asked what product caused it and I told him &#34;ScratchX 2.0&#34; - he replied &#34;Oh, I would never even use that stuff, it's too abrasive.&#34;Bottom line, from my experience with this product: do not purchase it under any circumstance unless you are very experienced working on cars.This is truly a one star item. Avoid at all costs."
"i tried it on a superficial scratch, and kept rubbing the product several times, and reapplied 3 time and scratch is stil there, i tried it with foam pad, microfiber pad, microfiber towel, worst product meguairs produce."
"This is not a rub on, buff off product, like wax.  It takes a lot of rubbing against the scratch.It appears to be doing more harm than good, adding scratches to my fairly dark vehicle.  I'm using it by hand with a foam applicator, which never has scratched my finish when waxing.  I find the results of a good coat of wax do a better job and don't add additional swirlmark scratches like this stuff.  It may work better with a power buffer.  By hand, it's pretty useless."
"Doesn't work worth a darn.  Regular wax works better than this product.  Very disappointed with Mequiar which I thought was a good brand.  I will go back to Turtle products from now on."
"As title says - waste of time, money and calories. I have 08 BMW 335i Sport. Silver color. Have long scratches similar to those that guy posted in product images. Spent almost an hour, tried all different techniques. This product simply doesn't work. If you have a new car with nice paint, I would avoid buying this. It might work for some old cars which paint is in different condition, but not for me - sorry.P.S: I bought a full set of Meguiar's paint care, you can find my reviews on other products as well. What actually worked for me (somewhat) is Ultimate Wax and Clay Kit (contaminant removal kit), Clay Kit is very hard to apply though, but it works."
"Not really impressed with this product. The Meguiar's cleaner/wax product does a much better job. This may be good for some cars, but not mine."
"this product is good but not outstanding as Barry Meguiar says not last as long as he says I've used both summer and winter and in 6 weeks lost many of its properties. in the real world, not in the world of Barry Meguiar you have to wax the car every month if you want to protect your car. is not true that regardless of price waxes last for many months.since you apply the wax starts to degrade the environment, sun. uv, rain, dust. when you wash you remove the wax inevitably part because dust and pollution and the polluters and stick to the wax and when you remove these contaminants also remove the wax."
"I've owned this wax for some time.  It doesn't last more than a month - if that. It's a pain to put on and take off.  It goes on ok, but taking it off is another story, leaves a almost a oily residue until you wash your car, or use numerous towels/microfiber to take it off.  How much do you really want to rub your paint to get the residue off (I have black paint)?  I haven't really seen any good protection from the elements or from birds/bugs.  One postitive is that it does smell good when applying it but I'm sure Meguiars added the fragrance for some marketing perspective.  All in all, for the price compared to durability - this stuff is a waste and not sure why Meguiars even put it on the market."
"Meguiars came out with the original NXT around 2005 and it was actually a pretty good product.  Not the greatest shine but was fairly durable and easy to apply.  Then, sometime a few years later, NXT 2.0 was introduced and to me, it was a huge step backwards.  Although it just received a highly favorable rating from the big consumer magazine, it is far from one of the best products on the market.  This version 2.0 has very poor gloss characteristics on dark colored cars and the durability is just terrible, literally no more than six weeks before water stops sheeting off the car.I maintain eight different personal cars and so am almost always waxing something.  I think all the high priced, multi-step products are just so much snake oil being sold at outrageous prices and trust me, I've tried almost all of them.  Good surface prep is the key to the success of any wax/synthetic product and that involves clay, light cut cleaner, polish and then the final way.  Once prepped properly, just about any product will do really well and, if applied regularly, will protect the finish and make future preps unnecessary.  My current favorite for durability and shine is Turtle Wax cleaner/carnuba although the good old Meguiars cleaner was in the purple bottle is still a darn good product at a bargain price."
"This product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off.  But, on black cars especially, it does not give a nice deep glossy or ""wet look"" shine.  It leaves more of a streaky oily finish.I switched over to yellow carnuba wax and the difference was night and day.  I have a full bottle that I no longer use and it's just sitting in the garage collecting dust.If you have a black car, and stick with carunba wax instead of synthetics. Meguiar's to make great products, but this one fails to impress.I get a better shine off of Meguiar's cleaner wax than this NXT stuff.But a friend introduced me to Mothers pure carnuba wax and I have since made a switch in brand.  I mean the shine you get with this stuff is just insane."
"After buying the Meguiars DA Polisher and the ""frequently bought together deal"" including the 6.5"" finishing pad and the 6.5"" polishing pad I found out directly from Meguiars that they have updated the pads to 7"" which include a recess to make centering the polisher's backing pad easier AND have improved the Velcro backing pad adhesive so that the new 7"" pads are actually machine washable.  The Velcro pad is attached far more securely.  The older 6.5"" pads often lose their Velcro backing due to washing/cleaning.There is no doubt in my mind that the pad material is of high quality on either the new 7.0""  or this older 6.5"" pad, it's just that Meguiar's has improved and updated their pads now.  The recess on the back of the pad definitely aids the user in centering the pad, that one feature alone makes buying the 7.0"" pad a no-brainer.  Combine that with the improved backing pad adhesive and now we have a slam dunk.Here are the links for the newest and improved pads:SOFTBUFF 2.0 FOAM POLISHING PAD 7 inchMeguiar's W 9207 7"" Soft Buff 2.0 Foam Finishing Pad"
"Also had some baked on oil stains on  tti ceramic coated headers on our 70 challenger caused by leaking rear main seal. Once repaired tried semichrome to remove them. No success at all.  Again pulled out the mother's,,,,although slow and tedious, it did the job with no damage to ceramic coating.Screw on lid on mother's makes far better sense.  Semichrome lid requires an inconvenient  pry tool to remove,,,,which tends to clobber lid causing it to not seal well.  Additionally semichrome is somewhat on the order as twice as expensive.  I should have purchased a tube instead of a can to give it a try,,,would have saved 15 or so dollars."
"From the moment you touch the package, you'll begin to wonder if this came from a dollar store. It has that knockoff look and feel that you just don't see in mainstream stores.And once you have the ""flare"" out of the packaging, you'll probably notice how it's about ready to crack before you even screw on the battery cap. You may even notice (or be disturbed by) the similar look this has to a more adult-oriented item.But hey, the box says it's a super-bright LED that's as good as a flare, right? Well, that's not so true. The dopey LED isn't very bright at all. If this is as bright as a flare, then a MagLite is as bright as the sun. I wrote it off to the crazy no-name AAA batteries and tried some fresh Duracells. Same result.But... but... it says it has a map light, too! Indeed, it does. Hopefully, there's nothing red on your map, because the ""map light"" is that same dopey red LED -- but not blinking. And really, that's something to give some serious thought to. If it was really that bright, would they suggest you use it as a map light? I think not.If anything, I'd think that using this as a road flare is more likely to confuse drivers than warn them. In fact, the only useful application this has that I can think of, is using the loophole to tie it to your kid on Halloween. That is, if you're angry with your kid and want to shame them with something that's not even as bright as a Glow Stick.Paying more than the cost of a candy bar for this is pure insanity."
"This is a little red flashlight, period.  Yes, the red light is bright, and yes, it blinks if you set it to do so.  But this would NEVER take the place of a real flare under any circumstances.DO NOT buy this to replace the flares you should carry in your car emergency kit!!!!Most flashlights have the light beam coming straight out of the end of the tube.  This one has the light coming off the side, like a beacon or lighthouse.  It can ONLY be viewed from straight on!  While a flare puts out intense light in all directions (like a sparkler) this little flashlight only puts out light in one direction - the direction you have faced the beam.  DO NOT BUY, except as a toy, or as a hiking signal light - I have given it two stars for it being at least that useful.Flare?  No way."
"I thought this sounded like a handy item to have in my car for emergencies, so when the Amazon Vine program offered it for review, I ordered it.  First of all, it's cheap plastic and made in China.  That alone will usually put me off of buying an item I see in a store.I inserted the included batteries and turned it on.  It emits a red light that can either blink or remain static.  I thought the light seemed small and feeble, but I waited until nighttime to give it a real test.  I set it on my car with the magnetic end holding it to the hood and walked down the driveway to see it from a distance.  Although the red light was visible, it wasn't nearly bright enough to be used as a flare in a roadside emergency.  It wasn't even as bright or eyecatching as the lights you see on bicycle riders at night.I would never rely on this product to warn oncoming cars of a breakdown.  Nobody would know what it was even if they saw it in time to react.  I'm sticking with real flares, which are visible from far away and instantly tell other drivers of an accident or hazard ahead.I hope nobody decides to use this product as a ""safety flare"" in their cars!  I won't even keep it in my car as a ""map light"" as they suggest on the package.  I'll rely on the small mag light I already have in the car."
"I was enthused when I first saw this product. I strive to keep safety items in the car and house, so this one seemed perfect. A flare that runs on batteries? I could get a bunch of these for my car and for my boyfriend's car, and make sure we're always safe!I popped in the batteries and turned it on. This is a flare? I took it outside. I tried it at night. There NO way a car coming down a highway is going to see that tiny light and know anything is going on. A person relying on this is setting themselves up for a catastrophic disaster. Having a high-powered flare isn't just a casual ""nice to have"" thing. It can literally be the difference between staying alive and having a sleepy trucker barrel into the car, demolishing it.The light isn't even strong enough to read by in the car. There's nothing I would use this for. And the fact that they market it as a flare safety device concerns me greatly. I worry that someone will fall for that claim, try to use it as a flare, and end up with serious injuries - or worse.I highly recommend that people buy REAL FLARES for their cars and check on them every year or two. Have flashlights. Check the batteries. Safety is important.Definitely do not buy this product."
"When I received Heininger 1020 CommuteMate ""Flameless Flare"", I had high hopes... real flares can be dangerous, messy, and difficult to use. I thought this might be the perfect thing to place in my old truck in the event I had a break-down. I also thought it might be good to take on my ATV trips in the event I break down on the trail and need to leave some kind of visible marker on my ATV along the trail.Sad to say, I was rather disappointed. The flare is powered by two AAA batteries and a single red LED. In the daylight, the light output from the flare is barely noticeable. At night-time it is slightly more noticeable and might serve as a marker light on your car to someone who is paying attention. Or, if you were using it on a dark trail, it might be visible from a short distance. But it really is no brighter than the keyfob LEDs that are intended to assist in unlocking a door. The light is also uni-directional (only coming from one side of the flare), so careful positioning would be a must. I think it would be tricky to use as a map light, too, since maps often contain red text which would be difficult to see with a red light.That said, I will not go as far as to claim that the product mis-represents itself. It is re-usable, and it could function as a secondary warning marker. It is not flammable, and it came with batteries which seems rare these days. The idea for the magnetic end that sticks to the sides of vehicles would be good, if most vehicles were made of steel. But many these days are made of fiberglass or aluminum and thus the magnet serves a limited purpose.If this product were marketed as a sort of a secondary marker light, it might be acceptable. One could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as a ""failsafe"". After all, the more lights the better. However, the idea that it would serve as a ""flare"" is just not correct. If I were changing a tire along the side of a busy road, for example, I would have NO faith that anyone would see or notice this light in their headlights. I would expect something MUCH brighter for an application such as that, and given that expectation this product unfortunately fell short of both its name and purpose."
"If you're familiar with the red flashing LED bicycle tailights seen on so many bikes these days, then you'll understand whan I say that this unit is essentially a one-LED version of those lights. Yes, it's visible from a good distance away, but only if you're directly behind it; the lens that focuses the light from the LED concentrates it over perhaps 10 degrees. The base has a magnet it it that will allow it to stand up on the roof of a car, assuming the roof is metal, which is still true for most cars. So as a road flare, it's better than nothing, but still nowhere near as visible as a traditional flare, or just putting on on your car's four-way emergency flashers.So what use it is? It might be useful as a rescue device, for signaling, or locating someone in the woods at night (if they had the presence of mind to bring it along with them). Given the low price, it might be worth experimenting with."
"There are definitely some advantages to this over a traditional flare. It will last much longer, and it has a magnetic base that is strong enough to hold it on a metal part of your car.  The battery cap screws on and has a gasket in case it is raining. It is also compact and lightweight.The disadvantage is that it isn't anywhere near as bright as a flare. It has a single LED that is very directional. If it was placed on the road in front of a car it would be very easy to overlook.I think a folding triangle with reflective tape along with a couple of flares would be a safer alternative.Sean P. Logue, 2010"
"At first look, the Heininger 1020 CommuteMate Flameless Flare seems like a good idea. In certain limited circumstances, I'm sure it might be useful. For most circumstances, however, I would only use it as an absolute last resort.The item is made of plastic. Not just any plastic, but appears to be manufactured of the kind of hard plastic that quickly turns very brittle and cracks when exposed to the extreme temperature variations found inside a vehicle, which after all, is where this item is meant to be kept. While it is battery powered, and doesn't really pose any kind of roadside fire hazard, its usefulness is severely limited.First of all, one has to rely on always having it loaded with good batteries. Dead batteries do noone any good, and I've found most people just throw items like this in the trunk or glove box, and forget about it, not really thinking to check the batteries regularly.But does it work? Well yes, sort of. The unit has a small lens powered by an LED that either blinks on and off, or lights up continuously. The continuous on is meant for a low-glare map light, while the blinking feature is meant to capture the attention of oncoming motorists. Unfortunately, the LED is not very bright, and is likely to go unnoticed from anyone farther away than 15 to 20 yards, and is so small and low intensity that even if noticed, it is doubtful anyone would recognize it as a hazard or warning beacon. While we certainly don't want anything so bright it blinds oncoming drivers, we also don't want something so dim that it doesn't trigger anyone's warning instincts soon enough.Interstate highway? Forget it, buy some reflective triangles. Rural highways? Not much of a chance of being seen in time at highway speeds. Well lit neighborhoods? It likely won't get noticed. From my perspective, about the only time a unit like this would attract any attention is if it was on a poorly lit rural backroad where the speed limit is 35 mph or under, and there are no other lights in the area to cause any distraction or overpower the weak light source this unit provides. Then, if your vehicle's hazard flashers don't work, by all means this is better than absolutely nothing. Just remember to check the batteries."
"Pros: battery driven; flashing or steady light; flameless flare; can be used as a map light; reusable. Could be used effectively as a light that does not seriously degrade night vision.Cons: Product claims to be visible at 1000 ft, but this is only possible within a few degrees of view. One half of the top lights up for a dim presentation, but the bright LED shines out through a narrow beam like a small red flashlight. Consequently, the flare would probably not be useful in a traffic situation since it would have to be precisely aligned with oncoming traffic and would only be visible by the few drivers within this narrow beam of light. It is certainly not a good substitute for a real flare which is much brighter and omnidirectional. This little light is not as good as the emergency flashers built into vehicles.If you want a safety flare to carry in your vehicle, buy the real thing. If you want a light you can use as a map light without distracting a driver, or to see where you're walking without seriously degrading your night vision, this red light will do that well."
"This item shipped defective. Parts not covered with chrome are rusting. This is usually a good product, I have purchased the same product recently and did have any problem. I need to have these two plates replaced."
"fell off almost immediately ---  but it was cheap so no big loss...  only someone anal as me would think the small lic plate screws need covering :)"
"These chrome caps would not work on my plate. The license plate screws heads were larger than the plastic rings that hold the caps. I ended up using them on my motorcycle. These caps were less money at my local Harley dealer too. I'd give them a pass next time."
"I have two cars, both of which require the large #14 sheet metal self-tapping screws to mount the plate to the nylon retainers behind the plate (the ones mounted on the car that the screws screw into). Problem is that diameter of the plastic ring that holds the screw covers is too small to take the screw's large diameter head. The maximum screw head diameter that will fit the ring is .435 inch (11 millimeters). Option 1: Replace the nylon retainers on the car, but different cars have different retainers so one must search for new ones that will accept a #12 screw. Option 2: Try to find #14 self-tapping screws with smaller heads. I shopped around for #14 screws with smaller heads to no avail. Option 3: Grind down the screw head's diameter. Option 4 (not good): On one car I used #12 sheet metal screws that have a smaller diameter, but DO fit the rings, and wrapped the threads with tape. This sort of works, but I really can't tighten them down satisfactorily. So I have to check their security now and then. I'm leaving the other car as is for now. Maybe someone has more practical ideas? Sure would like to hear of them. BTW, SEE THE UPDATE BELOW.UPDATE 11/16/13:I think I've found a viable solution to the above problem. I used a #12 sheet metal self-tapping screw, placed a 1/2-inch long piece of ordinary shrink tubing (1/4"" i.d.) over the threads towards the pointed end of the screw. Used a heat gun (or you can use a match, BIC lighter or soldering iron) to shrink the tubing which effectively increases the thread diameter to about that of a #14 screw. This allows me to tighten the screw securely and will last much longer than ordinary tape. One more thing: The THICKNESS of the screw head doesn't quite allow the chrome cap to fully snap into place over the nylon ring. The top of the head needs to be filed down a little leaving enough Philips ""X"" to use the screwdriver."
"I'm pleased with the appearance of these on my nouveau plate cover, but they feel incredibly cheap and I don't expect them to stay on while driving down the road. I understand you need to be able to take them back off, but I feel like they're going to fall off on their own!We'll see how it turns out."
"The covers pop off and are worthless.  Don't buy this junk!  Looks great when you install but the covers won't stay on when the car is moving."
"This is a cheap piece of junk made in a well-known foreign Asian land known for producing junk. The two lights are NOT LED and do not flash quickly like a real security system. They are dull lights, alternating from one to the other. Don't waste your money or batteries. Anyone will tell its fake. I threw mine in the garbage...wasn't worth sending back."
"This kit is just ok.  Every piece in the kit is extremely light weight.  If you are a mall crawler and only hit fire roads than this will do fine, if it's much more than that then look at the ARB kits."
"Let's start off by examining the product claims made by the manufacturer, since some people seem to think that those of us who aren't fans of this product are at fault for expecting it to live up to those claims:* Cleans and lubricates the fuel system* Cleans and lubricates the carburetor and injectorsThese are the words of Lucas Oil Products (on lucasoil.com), not me.  So, if you want to lambaste me (or us) for expecting this product to clean our fuel systems, you will have to first explain why we should not expect it to, given that the manufacturer says it will.Sea Foam Motor Treatment is claimed by the manufacturer (on seafoamsales.com) to:* Cleans internal fuel system components* Clean carburetors, fuel injectorsDo you see the (claimed) overlap between the Lucas and Sea Foam products?I bought a couple 5.25-ounce bottles of this stuff for my car, which had a very rough idle.  Certain that all the positive reviews couldn't be wrong, I also bought a gallon of it at my local auto parts store (fortunately, I got a steep discount).I put one bottle through the fuel system.  No improvement.  Then another bottle.  Still nothing.  No noticeable improvement whatsoever.Eventually, I tried Sea Foam Motor Treatment, and with one bottle of that, got the results I was after.  No, I didn't mix the products.As far as I am concerned, this product is positively useless for cleaning the fuel system.  &lt;-- And is ""cleaning the fuel system"" a stated product claim?  Yes it is, thanks for asking!"
"i have used it a few times and it dise not do what is said of the product the interior doea not come clean it does take up a little dust but thats it ,it did not clean all the dust like it said it would"
"If your interior is already cleaned, don't use it.  It will leave lots of lint on your dash.  I have a one week new car and i wanted to keep my interior dust free.  So I got this from Amazon with other car care products.  I had applied some ArmorAll on my dash and leather seats to keep it protected.  After  a few days I am noticing some dusts are beginning to collect on my dash.  So I wanted to start using this duster.  After opening it brand new out of the blister pack, I used it on my dash and it left a trail of lint on my dash and door panel.  I thought the duster is chemically treated so that it should ""Pick UP"" dust instead of leaving ""LINT""?  Now I am not sure if I would ever use this again...."
"the clamps are chincy, the wire guage is smaller than the 12' extension I put on the other end of it. If you're not going to put a huge load on it then I'm sure it will work but you get what you pay for. If it was heavier duty and had an in-line fuse then I'd be happy with it."
"First of all, the cigarette lighter outlet just does not have enough amps to jump start a car's motor. Secondly, the plug was shattered upon arrival and render this battery cable unusable."
"Both the stock photo, and the J.Koster JPG you see of this product are no longer valid, and whatyou get is what my JPG shows.The product has been cheapened by shortening the wires by half (now 1 foot)by the time you spread the wires apart enough for the clamps to reach bothterminals on a standard sized 12 volt car battery, you have just taken up halfthe wire length which leaves you 6 inches left over.I have not stripped the insulation of the wires to check gauge, but it can't be anymorethan 18; 16 at the most.While the product does work, you would have to use it right on top of the battery, which isOK for me, as I only use it for test purposes.As far as the whole ""Front panel illumination"" line, I can't figure out why that is in theproduct blurb!The product comes in a cheap clear plastic bag, NOT A THERMAL FORMED PACK! as is shown, sothe product you see is not the product you get.Again, see my JPG of what you ACTUALLY GET.Due to the low price, it is not worth returning, but you should be aware of these changes."
"I use a lot of Mothers products but this glass cleaners is the worse. It leave streaks all over the glass. Also, when used on the inside of the glass it fogs up the glass. At night the glass fogs up so bad it becomes dangerous. I've tried using a Microfiber and Terry cloth towel. I've switched back to straight water to clean the glass."
"I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products (waxes) and they seem to work very well. Also, this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried, I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass. Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water."
"The tender works marginally well and after a few years the grounding prong pulled loose of the plug. I cut the unit's plug off and replaced it. This unit keeps the battery charged but I've noticed my voltmeter reads just over 13 volts every morning so it seems to me that this unit is keeping the battery barely charged instead of fully charged. I recently bought a Solar ProLogix 12 amp battery charger that seems much better built and keeps the battery more fully charged. If the ProLogix literature is to be believed, it is a much more sophisticated unit than the battery tender while the cost is just a few bucks more."
"I own several vehicles and motorcycles and I had one of the pre china battery tenders and it lasted for several years. it did so well I bought 3 more of the battery tender pluses at one time at Christmas 2010.one worked for about 9 months and then would not go into the float mode. It killed the battery from overcharging. hooked up the next on a different battery and it worked about 2 weeks before doing the same thing(not going into float mode).  the 3rd one lasted less than a week........... each has a 10 year warranty so I phoned deltran and spoke to their ""tech"". he cannot understand my problem........ tried on different batteries. plugged into outlet first blah ,blah ,blah. I paid over $100.00 for 3 of these Chinese junk chargers.I can send them back and they will check at my cost if nothing is found wrong I would be charged a service fee and return shipping. poor customer service ,bad quality. for what these cost they should last.Do yourself a favor and do NOT buy these battery tender chargers........Update: 1-15-2014 buy an xtreme charger......I have 3 of the red xtreme charger, see my review ........"
"I purchased this Battery Tender to keep the battery in my summer car charged up in the off season.  Unfortunately this battery tender caused my battery to leak acid all over the trunk of my car causing corrosion and requiring an expensive repair.  I purchased this unit specifically because it's NOT supposed to overcharge a car battery.  What a mistake.  Don't buy this product - it doesn't work as advertised.  I reached out to the manufacturer via their website twice but they never responded to me.  Faulty product + no customer service = fail."
"Add me to the list of failures...after 11 months. I do not know why I ignored over 30 one star reviews. I thought with all of the positives, they must be flukes. Well mine just fried, nasty burnt electronics smell, no lights, no output. It did not hurt the car it was attached to and I discovered it very soon after failure. It is not worth the hassle indicated by others to file a warranty claim. I ordered an Xtreme hoping for longer life and good performance. Anybody reading this review, beware! The failure rate on these Deltrans is too high."
"Had my battery tender plus for just over 2 years and it worked great for those 2 years maintaining the battery in an antique car. Recently I put it on the battery on my daily driver and the charge light didn't come on. Testing on several other batteries seems its lost its status lights and all its regulation and just puts out a constant 15 volts now cooking whatever battery I hook it up to. Their tech support was rude and unknowledgeable. Of course their warranty is a joke since it will cost 50% of its value just to make use of their warranty. I considered buying another but with so many other choices now on the market I can't rationalize the battery tenders high price. I replaced it with a Vector for the same price which has twice the features."
"Bought this because of all the reviews, but it did not work for me.  My Harley uses an AGM battery, and found out after the purchase that this charger cannot charge an AGM battery.  For a simple battery maintainer, this product is big and heavy.  I expected more."
"save your money.  cheap plastic stuff that wont work.  it wont stay on the mirror it is supposed to attach to. falls off blows off."
"Highly recommended.  Just make sure it has ample water to get started (1 gallon minimum).  Used in warm and cooler weather without issue.*Update:  4/2014: after camping an entire season with these, I found that they didn't work very well.  Tissue and waste didn't seem to break down very well, and it most certainly doesn't mask odors very well.  I even tried using 2 packets instead of one (for a 30 gallon tank); no difference aside from things being very blue!I think I'm going to try the ""tried and true"" Happy Campers  Organic treatment next."
"I have been using the liquid blue stuff for 4 years and never had a problem until trying these blue packets. Now I had to call out a pluber because the toilet paper was not breaking down. Don't waste your money on this stuff!!!!!!!!!!!! And by the way amazon won;t let you return it either!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Works like crap. Does not allow enough air in to blow lines out. Save your money and use an air nozzle instead. Trust me!"
"This product is for turning a petcock valve, not for removing/installing a drain plug.  It's my fault for not reading the description clearly, but what I wanted was a tool for removing the drain plug on my Atwood 6 gal water heater in my travel trailer.  The nylon plug is in an awkward location and without a long socket extension (which I dont' have) it is a pain to screw and unscrew.  Even though this plug is only finger-tight."
"I had this unit for about 2 months.  Works fairly well.  The tabs on the bottom of the unit broke after a month.  I used tape for awhile and then gave up on it.  Try the:  Valterra A10-2606 FridgeCool 11.28 mA Fan with On/Off Switch.  I've had it for five years without any problem.  The Valterra is much easier on batteries too."
"Maybe on bus-sized class A motorhomes with larger refrigerators this is useful, but it is not any good for my RV refrigerator (26 ft vehicle, decent sized refrigerator).  I don't use this, as it is too large, and use the single bars instead.  They work well."
"broke on day 1. bit cheap in construction.would recommend different product, or even a different approach all together"
"I found washing cars at home in Florida did not give the same results as California Bay Area water. Too much spoting and white residue left.Saw a review where some one else used this filter for improving car wash water so I bought this filter.PROGreat looking product for the costGret looking packagingProduct screw thread fit water tight to water source and hoseAfter a few gallons the water comes out clear and works well for washing a car and rinsing it offCONWater flow a first was about 60% of normal due I assume to flow restrictionWater flow after a few more minutes and less than 5 gallons was reduced to 10% of normalThe reduced flow could barely remove the car wash soapFirst few gallons had a lot of black, I assume carbon, color to the water that became clean and clear water as seen in the bucketNote: I did verify the high flow direction as the lable showed. I may try to upload photos later.OverallFor Florida hose water in the space coast area and used for car wash this is not a good product. For a motorcycle or small product okay.For other uses I have no ideaWould not buy again"
"The valve looks good but I ended up returning it as it wouldnt work for the way I needed to hook this into my RV's water system. Application was for a 2012 Keystone Cougar 327RES."
"Seemed like a good idea, but it leaked incessantly no matter how much I tightened even with Teflon tape on the threads.  I returned it."
"No matter how little or how much plummers tape I used this unit would not seal.  And the butterfly valve metal bends easily.  Would not recommend.  I ended up putting the original plastic plug back in.  DIsappointed."
"I bought this valve with high hopes of simplifying the regular draining of our 6-gal Atwood RV water heater, as removal of the standard nylon plug is a pain due to its location.  If you are looking to purchase this product under the same pretense, let me save you the time -- in my case, the better part of an afternoon.First, a quick explanation of how the valve works -- there are actually three components at play: 1) the large diameter plug that screws into the water heater, 2) a secondary plug that screws into the first, and 3) the actual valve which you open and close to drain the water.  I believe the intent of this design is to allow &#34;regular&#34; draining of the water heater with the last/smallest valve, while removal of the medium nut could be used perhaps at the end of the season to allow more sediment and debris to exit the tank quickly (due to the larger diameter).  Sidenote: opening the actual valve (the smallest component) drains the tank very, very slowly, and sometimes only at a trickle if you can't get air behind the water -- in my case, I had to open the pressure relief valve (in addition to all faucets) to produce an acceptable drain rate.While the valve piece never had any issues with leaking, the other components did.  I tried screwing in these nuts with and without Teflon tape, and at various depths.  No matter what the combination, there was always a small leak coming from either of these pieces.  There appeared to be no way to practically stop the leaking.  I also tried wrapping the nuts with an excess of Teflon tape (5+ wraps), to no avail.I gave up after about 2-3 hours of tinkering, returned the valve to Amazon, and ended up sticking with the standard nylon plug.  Hint: Sears sells a 15/16 offset wrench that is perfect for removing these plugs."
"This valve is exactly what I needed to make draining the hot water tank in my RV a breeze. Unfortunately, it arrived with a quality control problem - the T-handle was not properly crimped onto the valve shaft. The first time I tried to use the valve, the handle came right off in my hand. Rather than fool aroung with the nuisance of returning it, I reworked the crimp with a hammer & punch. I was able to make it secure enough that I can use the valve without the handle coming loose. Hopefully, it will not work loose & be lost due to vibrations on the road."
"First off, my fault for not realizing these are sold in single units and not in pairs. That being said, I'm glad I didn't buy a second one, as these are hard plastic and will slide easily and not take hold unless you put a rubber mat under it. The good news is, you can pick up a pair of real rubber chocks at Harbor Freight for less than 20 bucks which work great."
"You just don't expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small.  But then you look at the price and kick yourself for expecting more.  They work, but I highly doubt they'll still be around in 10 years."
"This does not fit my wheels. It needs a hose to fit more stem configurations. The 100 is identical, except for the 0-60 it is 0-100, but states it has a 11"" hose but it doesn't. I recommend a type with a hose for versatility. The 100 is nice but the 60 is fine for most applications. If you have a bike that needs over 60 than look for a 100. This is not for all applications. Also be careful not to drop this or you throw it away."
"I purchased the Camco 11553 Anode Rod for my Atwood heater.  The anode was poorly manufactured and had a slight bend in the shaft.  This slight bend is enough to mis-align the treads in the cap section to the point where if forced into place, it would cross thread the female threads in the water heater.  It is not worth the time or hassle to return, so there it is . . .  scrap.  In the event the anode did thread in properly, the instructions indicate you should pull the anode once a month to be sure you keep the anode in a removable state.  Apparently, if you do not remove it once a month, it will corrode in position, making it extremely difficult to remove.  I have decided to keep my factory installed nylon drain plug as the plug of choice.  My previous RV was over 8 years old when I sold it and I never had corrosion problems with the nylon plug. Save your money."
"Easy to install but on the 4th day the self tapping bolts came out-stripped out of the frame. It was adjusted as recommended and I never backed up or turned too tightly. I felt it helped and will likely pay to have it welded in place. Lost one pin and 4three bolts. I would probably buy a Reese equalizer hitch with anti-sway next time but I have an Eaz type."
"Don't buy Optima Batteries! Pure junk. After Johnson Controls bought Optima and moved the factory to Mexico they have gone downhill. The last three I bought all went bad, one before I was even able to use it. I had bought an Optima to power my 56 Chevy, and after it sat unused for a month, I went to try and start a new motor...nothing. Wouldn't even take a charge. Save your money and get one at the local parts store with a warranty.FYI essentially all auto batteries in the US are made by only 2 companies and then branded. Exide and Johnson Controls. Check it out."
"They are rather small and really cheaply constructed i could have bought stuff at the store to build these cheaper they went with my old pop up trailer when i traded it in."
"Only the stand is aluminum.  The center shaft, handle, and top are steel.  Mine started to rust within a week of use."
"All of frams oil filters are nothing but cardboard inside. I saw several video's on youtube showing how bad these are so I cut my old one open at 3000 mi. to see if its true. Its TRUE! All cardboard even the end caps. Even the tough guards! All fram filters are like this. Whats worse is the pleats. The cardboard pleats close shut and this makes the oil have to seek another open pleat to enter. Mine had half of its pleats closed. That means only half the oil filter was working.Next is the seem were the pleated rows are connected. It was open half way up the seam because the glue came loose!  That means dirty oil was by passing the filter all together.  These are the worst filters on the market no doubt. Fram just spent so much money blowing smoke up our tails we believe they are good filters....Cut your old fram open and look inside. If you dont want to get dirty just go too youtube and type in fram oil filter. NOTHING BUT GARBAGE! Fram could'nt care less about the life of your car. Buy anything else but fram! ANYTHING."
"Cheapo replacement for the one I wore out.  But the tip has not cover on the metal wire wrapped around the bristles so I can pretty much guarantee it'll scratch the tire.  Until I find a good rubber tip to glue on it won't get used on my wheels.  Not worth sending back. This is not the one to buy until they fix that little tip."
"I bought this due to positive reviews but never again . I leaves streaks and smudging no matter how I tried to use it even applied more than once. Tried it on window glass in the home, mirrors, and car glass, all the same result.  Really wanted it to work but plain water would do better. I rarely write a review this negative but this one earned it."
"On the advice of a friend, I replaced my Toyota Tacoma's manual transmission gear oil with this Royal Purple Max. From the start, I encountered poor shifting and excessive gear noise. After two months the shifting got so bad, I opted to replace it with the previous gear oil I was using (Redline MT90). Now my shifting is back to being easier, with the gear noise gone... For the price of this oil it should have performed better than it did - I was very disappointed."
"I bought this to polish chrome wheels.  The PowerBall Mini is a huge letdown.  The foam started disintegrating almost immediately when run across any angle of the wheels surface.  The foam is simply too weak, it rips and shreds.  I would only use this on very smooth surfaces that have no angles to them, ridges, bumps, etc.  But if you're polishing something that simple in shape - you don't need this in the first place.  Grab a rag and you'll be done a lot faster."
"To  costly abd doesn't work any better or easier  than a brush  anddetergent to clean the tires and rims.  WOULD  NOT  buy again."
"I used this to clean an expensive set of whitewall tires before selling a classic car at auction and it was a big mistake! I bought this because I wanted to use something safe to clean the whitewalls. It did OK on the white area, as in it didn't ruin it. The black part of the tires ended up discolored with streaks. It looked horrible! The tires looked better before I used it!409 and Simple Green do a better of cleaning than this product.I will never trust this brand for any product."
"I bought three bottles, all sprayed very poorly.  It came out in blotches, would not cover the tire well.  I had to take a sponge to spread it evenly on the tires.  The cleaning was not very good, better results with car wash suds."
"Per another reviewer: AN EXPIRATION DATE?!?!? Give me a break. Mine arrived Dec 2012 and they expire Jul 2016, so I at least have 3.5 years to enjoy my purchase. Perhaps the resin gets brittle? Perhaps that's as long as the lawyers wanted to wait for a suit?They are also placarded (and, to be fair, noted in the description) to be used with 29"" tires max. Fine for cars and trailers, not usable for motorhomes which will typically start at 30"" and go up from there. The tight curve of the chock means that the larger tire, even a 30"" or a 31"", hits the TOP of the chock first; and this chock's hard, slick plastic will not grab a surface like concrete or asphalt, so the tire just pushes the chock along.Too bad really, because it's a really beefy chock with a great ergonomic design, allowing you to easily grab it for insertion or extraction. Sad to say, I don't think the basic purpose is functional."
"this is a wallpaper seam roller. i bought a plastic one at lowes for 2 bucks. u can get a rubber one for 6 bucks at a hardware store. im sure this roller does work, but 13 bucks is crazy. i beat the heck out of my 2 dollar one and its still going."
"My 6 years old Mazda 6 2.5 liters GH 5 speed shifts abruptly from 1-2 gear, did tranny filter change and drain fill 3x, before pouring this whole bottle in (ATF requires 8.5 liters). No difference at all, stills shift hard. However it doesn't makes the shift worse so I'll give it 2 stars for wasting my $ though it's a cheap gamble."
"This gauge is accurate and easy to read, but it is very difficult to get a good seal.  There is no rubber inside the stem and you have to get the right angle to get a good seal.  In the meantime air is escaping and its a game to get the tire pressure right where you want it."
"I bought this tire gauge a a little over two months ago. The first few times I used it, it performed admirably. It's ergonomic, with a clear LCD display that gave a fast, precise reading.Fast forward to the end of June. After only three uses (and being stored in my glove compartment otherwise), the gauge is now wildly off. After reading the tires on my truck as 32 PSI four weeks ago, plugging it in today registered 41.5 PSI. I thought maybe it was the heat we've had this past week, but a change of 9.5 PSI seemed a little high, so I tested it with two other tire gauges, which read 33 and 33.5 PSI, respectively. I used a pump with a manual gauge to drain a tire and inflate it to 33 PSI, but when I tested the tire with this gauge it read it first as 41.5 PSI and ten seconds later as 40 PSI.Perhaps I got a dud, but any gauge that's off by that much so soon raises a red flag for me. I'll be looking for my next tire gauge elsewhere."
"we bought this at canadian tire and within a year or so the tire gauge split lengthwise along the seam - making it useless - as the air just leaks out the side and doesn't measure the pressure... i give it one star for lack of durability (its not like we use it daily... so maybe 10 uses?)"
"I purchased this tire gauge becuase I wanted a digital display gauge that provides1 psi resolution. While the Accutire MS-4021B generally does the job, there are twoannoying features that should be changed :1. Batteries cannot be replaced by the user2. On some valve stems, the Accutire MS-4021B does not make a seal to get an accurate readingRef. #1 : you have to send the gage in to the manufacturer who will replace the batteries free of charge. However, their turnaround time is more than two weeks, and I had to call their service department both times I had batteries replaced to get a replacement tire gauge.Furthermore, the batteries do not last more than a year or so, but I use tha gauge on a weekly basis for all my vehiclesRef. #2 : this appears to be due to the chuck design, i.e. the contact pin does notprotrude far enough to allow a positive seal on some valve stemsI am still searching for a digital tire gauge that allows the user to replace the batteries"
"Do Not waste your money.  Bough a mid grade &#34;full size&#34; digital gauge and found this one to be off by 5lbs!"
"Well, it works. Look, I expect a product to be user friendly...this one is awkward to put on the valve and then read. It does not always give you a good readout the first try. I will have to check the valve two or three times to get a proper read. By time you do four tires your knees are shot. The digital read out is not very bright either. All and all I am looking for a better gauge. Lots of folks liked it though, that is way I tryed it, so its up to you.Of course, if your are young enough, and have good eyes and knees this is probably just right for you. Good luck."
"I, like other reviewer, was unable to get a wide enough positioning for the lasers to reach the center dash of both cars. I had to dremel out the surrounds of one of the lasers to get it to go to the right position for my garage ceiling height. Other than that it works fine and is a moderate improvement over the tennis ball method.*Update*After installing this device for a months, we have noticed both lasers are getting pretty dim. A few times I have completely missed seeing them on my dashboard and pulled the car too far. Luckily I use a brick as a safety stop under the tire or else I would have nicked the wall. Short product life."
"Junk.  Watch the videos on Youtube.  It's effortless to get off."
"I tried this out, twice as per the instructions. Didnt make much difference at all. Should have just kept my $20."
"Paint was thick and didnt spray on very even at all. Was trying to tint fog lights and just didnt work."
"I ordered one of these for my 2008 Saturn Vue. Package marked for 2008 Vue but item did not work. Contacted storefront who fullfilled order for Amazon and was referred to Curt mfg. to obtain return number. Then had to contact seller again. Got a refund but I purchased a replacement from a local dealer. Seller later reported a wrong item number was somehow in the package."
"I wanted good quality and these were the highest priced covers listed on Amazon. They said ""only 4 sets left...order soon"". I ordered the correct size and part number. The correct size and part # was on the receipt/invoice when they arrived (19 days later), but they sent covers for a 13"" wheel (I needed 28""). When I contacted Amazon, they said my size was no longer available so they sent these. Are you kidding me??? 13"" covers for 28"" wheels!! Who made this decision...a monkey?So I sent it back for a refund. I couldn't tell if the covers were good quality, cause I never opened the box. What a major let down after waiting almost 3 weeks. I went to a local camper store and got a set there the next day. Sometimes, saving a few bucks just ain't worth it!!"
"Schumacher SEM-1562A 1.5 Amp Speed Charge MaintainerWell worth the price...does exactly what it is suppose to do.(Update) After using this charger less than 5 mos. to maintain my R.V., which is seldom driven, I have found that, because of the charger failing to cycle back to the charge mode properly, the battery that it was hooked to was stone dead. Now, I'll do some research to find out the annoying process of returning the charger for warranty.(Update) I have contacted the manufacturer, Schumacher, concerning the failure of this charger but after 3 weeks, have received no response and it doesn't look like I am going to. So, I guess I'll just take the loss of making a bad choice and trash it. BTW, I am using two Chicago Electric on Board chargers, one on my Jeep and the other on my Mercury Sable. Both are giving very good service and are less expensive than the Schumacher or the Battery Tender."
"Had it for a week, does what it says it does, but make absolutely sure the clips don't touch anything when it's attached. Positive alligator clip got close to inner hood liner and burned. Flamed up. Burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didn't blow the liner out (I freaked!), my vehicle would have gone poof! Pilot error? Bad design? Who knows.Edit: Just called Schumacher and they're replacing it, no problem. Upping my rating from a ** to ***. Thanks Schumacher."
"I've sent back two of these and both have failed. Talk about cheap junk don't waist your money. I now own a Genius G3500 3.5amp and it kicks big time butt."
"Another reviewer mentioned this charger puts out 15.0V in AGM mode and that's too many volts for some AGM batteries and it caused his to outgas (reducing the battery's life).  My Optima yellow top AGM battery is rated for 15V charging so I thought this charger would be okay for it, but the charger I got puts out 15.5V!  I did find specs that say 15.6V ""regulated voltage"" is okay for ""rapid charging"" on my battery but they don't define what rapid charging means.  They do say with 15.6V to ""charge until current drops below 1 amp"" which I think means you can do 15.6V until the battery gets closer to being charged and stops accepting high amperage.  Unfortunately this charger does the exact opposite, starting at lower voltage and increasing to 15.5V around when it decides the battery is at 90% charge (which seems to equate to about 12.6 or 12.7V on my battery).  The charger keeps outputting 15.5V until the battery is fully charged, which may take hours, so it seems unlikely that's good for most batteries and I'm pretty sure it's against the charging specs on my battery.  Note that the charger shows 15.4V on its readout but my volt meter shows it's actually 15.5V.Nevertheless I let it keep doing 15.5V and checked periodically to make sure the battery wasn't hot (it never even felt warm and an IR temperature gun read 86F max) and wasn't hissing (hissing would mean it was overcharged and releasing gas, permanently reducing its life).  It took almost exactly 12 hours for the charger to decide it was 100% charged and go into maintenance mode, but when it did, it picked 12.4V!  AGM batteries are supposed to be charged at around 13.6V for maintenance (float) charging, so I have no idea why it picked 12.4V.  I left it on for another hour and it actually reduced the voltage to 12.3, at which point I took it off the charger.  Volt meter said the battery was at 12.31V.I can't decide if this charger is broken, has a weird charging algorithm, or is actually very smart.  I say that because my battery was discharged to about 3.5V a few weeks ago, well below the voltage it's designed to be discharged to (it's a ""deep cycle"" but even deep cycles don't tolerate discharging below 50%, and even below 10.5V may hurt them), so it's now damaged and won't hold the full 13.6V it's supposed to.  Instead, if I leave it on the charger at 15.5V for an hour, it hits 12.8V and then quickly loses charge to 12.5V in about 30 minutes.  So maybe the charger somehow figured that out and decided that 12.4V was ""full charge"" on my damaged battery so that's what it used as its float charge.  I don't see how it could determine that if the battery was 12.8V or higher after the long 15.5V charge, but who knows.I also don't know if 15.4V is really bad for my battery, or for the ""average AGM"".  I spent awhile researching but couldn't find any real authoritative information, just a bunch of people theorizing.  Since it's above the 15V standard charge on the battery spec sheet I don't think it's a good thing, but then again I also found research (nrel dot gov/vehiclesandfuels/energystorage/pdfs/evs17pres.pdf) showing that seriously overvolting a yellow top battery to 17V under certain conditions actually increases its life.  So I don't know what to think, but I'm leaning towards thinking it's a bad thing to go against the manufacturer's spec sheet unless you're in a lab using specialized chargers.What I do know is that the desulfination feature on this charger didn't do a thing for my damaged battery.  In fact I don't think it even kicked in.  I connected the charger to a small sealed lead acid battery that I left unused for too long and it went into desulfination mode (I think - the manual doesn't say how you're supposed to know) for over 8 hours pumping 16.8V into the battery until it said ""bad bat"" on its screen and stopped charging.  In all that time the battery never showed over 15% charged on the charger, though it did end up holding about 10.9V.  In my online research it was mentioned in a few places that there are no studies showing desulfination actually works so I'm pretty dubious about it.  It definitely didn't work on either of my batteries.It was also interesting to note that the sealed lead acid battery never got warm, which I find rather curious considering how long it was putting in such a high voltage.  I had the charger connected to a kill-a-watt meter and it showed the charger was pulling only 0.15amps and 9watts, and this is in 2amp charging mode, so maybe the charger is smart enough to use low amperage when it's using high voltage and that prevents the battery from getting damaged.  When it was pushing 15.4V to my AGM battery it was only drawing 0.35amps and it actually reduced the amps to 0.29 as it got closer to 100% charged.  So maybe that protects the battery from overvoltage damage, but I don't know enough to be sure.  Maybe a battery expert will chime in in the comments.Another important thing to consider is that desulfination mode could damage your car's electronics if you don't remove the battery from the car to charge it.  16.8V is more than most cars were designed to handle, and I found someone mentioning that BMW warns not to use chargers that do things like that, so it's definitely a concern.  I don't know if I feel comfortable using this charger again without removing the battery from the car.  Some chargers claim to somehow magically detect the presence of car electronics and limit their voltage, but this charger says nothing about that in its manual.Other than all that, the design of the charger is nice.  Wires fit into a pocket beneath the retractable handle.  It will show you the battery voltage on its readout until you tell it to start charging (although it reads 0.1 to 0.2V lower than my volt meter, which is annoying).  A button lets you toggle between display of voltage or battery percent.  It lets you choose standard, AGM, and gel cell, and choose from three rates of charge.  The slower 2A charge rate is supposed to be better for many batteries, so use 2A or 6A if you aren't in a hurry.  I tried both those modes and it still puts out 15.5V in 6A mode but it puts out 15.3V in 2A mode.Since this is a dedicated 12V charger you don't have to worry about it ""autodetecting"" (actually, auto-misdetecting) your discharged 12V battery as a 6V and never charging it past 6V, which is a problem with far too many chargers these days.Despite its nice controls and smart form factor, I give this charger a low rating because I think it tries to push some batteries beyond their limits in the name of charging them as quickly or as fully as possible.  One reviewer said it caused his AGM to outgas and another said it burnt out his battery after a few months of trickle charge mode.  If you have the right brand of battery that can handle this charger's output, and your battery isn't damaged, it's probably fine, but the fact that it can damage things and may even damage car electronics in desulfination mode strikes me as very bad design, especially given that desulfination seems like more of a marketing ploy than a valuable feature.  I also don't like that its volt meter reads 0.1 to 0.2V under actual voltage."
"I use this on the back window of my Jeep Grand Cherokee. It does not flex enough to have full contact on the window. It only has about 8&#34; of contact. I will not purchase this again."
"It was quiet and smooth for about 2 months in rainy Seattle. It's not particularly great. It's squeaking now. The plastic &#34;booty&#34; that covers the arms I guess supposed to work to prevent snow from clogging the wiper but did it help? Meh....hard to say. The ends of the wipers have some RED plastic caps on them and it's very distracting to see something RED swooshing in front of my face in the rain. Why couldn't they use black caps?I'm going to look for a triple bladed wiper blade which worked better."
"09-19-2012. Not delighted with this product. Perfect fit for Jeep Commanders I own. Products were new in manufacturer packaging. Buying them from amazon.com saved me time and effort.  I installed them within minutes of opening the shipping containers.  Ready to go within two minutes.  Great service, but the end result after only 90 days of use is VERY dissappointing.1-24-2013. Nothing I do will make these wiper blades lay flat on the windshield and this leaves uncleared mess right in the driver's viewing area. I'm replacing them with PIAA Super Silicone blades.  I expect the PIAA will perform better in the Washinton, D.C. area. I've used the ANCO Winter blades before without problems but these units have a serious problem in cold (below 20 Degrees F.) weather.  The rubber case around the mechanism gets stiff and the blade will not stay flat against the windshield when it moves off the curved ""rest position"" of the windshield.  This leaves an uncleared area in the middle of the driver's viewing.  Not a good thing. I will not use them again.  We have had several warm winters in middle-Atlantic coast area so I didn't experience this issue before.  The rubber case to keep the ice and snow out of the wiper mechanism is a good idea but it just doesn't work.  Sad."
"I actually bought these from a local auto parts store. This was about a year ago. It started raining out of no where and my old blades were not helping. Right out of the box these worked ""ok"". Within a few months they were streaking, by the time the wet season ended they were totally ineffective. They actually made things worse."
"These blades did not last a month before I had to get new ones.I no this has been a harsh winter in NYC but the regular wiper blades lasted longer.Not recommended."
"Don't buy this rear wiper for a 1st generation xB, it will NOT fit! Get OEM or a wiper from elsewhere!"
"Very cheap blade, mine started chattering in 1 week and I returned them. Buy a quality Motorcraft (or similar blade) Amazon has the best customer service and took them back..."
"The worst blade I have ever used. I assumed the first one was defective, so Amazon replaced it. The 2nd one was just as bad. About 30% of the blade did not contact the glass - so a huge portion of the windshield was never touched."
"Amazon page shows this will fit a 2002 Toyota Highlander, and I double checked that with the Anco web site.However, this blade will NOT fit a 2002 Toyota Highlander, nor would it fit other Toyota's with the rear blade that has a ""wider than normal"" base where the blade attaches to the shaft.I wrote 3 times to Anco and parent company asking them to explain why their listing is incorrect - they never responded back.I later purcahsed the Trico 12-A - it DID fit my 02 highlander"
"I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle.  Now I get streaks where the pine needle, or any other item I assume, has been dragged. So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window, do not buy these.  Unless you do not mind streaks.  The damage is permanent, not only when the item is still on the window."
"So I pour in a good amount and mix it with water. In the bucket there is a lot of suds, but then when I apply it to the car, the suds don't carry over.To me, soap is just soap, however this soap has a nice smell to it.It doesn't remove dirt or debris any better than the next soap, however I used to use Rain X with Carnauba wax, and that was a great car wash soap. It left my car shiny after washing and this -- I have to wax it after. I bought this at Costco for like 12 dollars, and it lasted me quite a while. I wouldn't go back to this as it doesn't wax my car. Also -- it dries fairly quickly for some reason and leaves a soap residue."
"Difficult to apply and gooey.  Made a mess.  After I am done using this up I will be going back to my spray from Meguiar which is great and lasts."
"So I recommend this to clean your tires, but it will strip the wax coating off the rims and leave the  rims really dry......"
"NO PROTECTION FOR LIQUID so it leaked all over the place.  Was just placed in a box 20 times the size with brown paper on top.  As they used UPS, and UPS does not handle with care this tends to happen.  So I am out of my monies as will not allow returns on this product and it was damaged in shippment!"
"I have not read anyones reviews, but I can tell you I bought a dozen of these, what a waste I ised them on aluminum, plastic and chrome rims, and the brake dust does not disolve, loosen etc...water and scrubbing works better. Find another product."
"I love meguiar's products but this wheel cleaner was a waste of money.  It really did not clean the wheels as suggested.  Don't waste your money!"
"I've used this on two cars and I'm not sure it's actually better than the soap and water wash I gave the tires and wheels before applying. It just seems like fancy spray bottle of soap."
"I'm generally a big fan of the Meguiar's products, and use them for washing, drying, waxing, etc.  Got this thinking it would be a good addition to the lineup.  However, not only does it not really add much to the overall look, but the application method is all wrong.This product comes as a spray, and is designed, as per the instructions, to spray right onto the tires.  After doing so, it does make the areas where applied shiny, but the application is uneven, and even then, because it's a mist, it goes everywhere (onto the paint, the wheels, etc), which is bad.  So you end up having to use something like a paper towel or a cloth to spread the product evenly, which ends up removing most of the product (and making a mess overall).  Then the shine is gone.This product would be better made as a bottle that is made to apply to a pad or some other applying tool, as the spray is too difficult to control to get it only on the tires.Since evening it out also means removing most of the shine, whatever soaks in leaves a dull but darker look.  So, in the end, the best it was able to do was darken the tires slightly.  The product briefly mentions protective qualities, so a star for that, but it seems like an afterthought in the advertising materials, so I'm somewhat doubtful about that.  So overall, this product doesn't seem worthwhile; it's more trouble than it's worth.  It basically made a mess, made the tires darker, but duller looking, and made the logos/letters/numbers on the tires less visible, which in the end made it look less cool than before.  So, I won't be using this particular product again.Other Meguiar's products are great; but this one is not an essential.  It seems like a very niche product that one would only need for special photo shoots, etc, in a controlled environment, but not as an everyday car polishing tool."
"The meguiar's hot shine high gloss tire spray is not impressive. When I spray the tire shine on my tires, I find myself having to go back after about 5 minutes and wipe it down with a towel because it leaves drip lines down the tire.  Kind of like if you put too much paint onto something and it leaves runs.  The consistency is equivelent to regular grade milk,  It is not a gel consistency.  Another issue I ran into is, I will let the spray dry on the tires for approximately 30-1 hour and I still notice that it shoots up on the side of my car makings spots on my rear bumper and front doors after driving.  I like using the gel type of tire shine better, that you brush on.  It flows on better without leaving streaks or runs and it sticks better to the tires, not the side of your car.  One last thing I noticed is when I spray the tire shine on my tires, it leaves a dark crescent shape on my driveway that lasts for months.  Not a big deal, but it angers me that it sticks better to my black asphalt driveway than my tires."
"I purchased some much thicker microfibre towels, as these ones just aren't thick enough to soak up sufficient water. These are now relegated to cleaning the windows and wiping down the interior"
"After drying my black car a few times with this towel, it performs no better than any other towel I've ever used. Sure, it holds a lot of water but that is part of the problem. It doesn't easily wring out so after just a few swipes it is completely saturated with water. Anything that I dry with it after it becomes wet leaves huge water streak marks behind unless I follow up with another dry towel. My best results have been a traditional chamois that is easy to wring and doesn't leave streaks behind after the first pass."
"Once it gets wet, there isn't much you can do about wringing it out. It's title is true. I do not know why some give five stars to this product is very difficult to use it. might not have used it and lie so bad that confuse buyers because they believe that having five stars is a good product but it is not true .. I recommend the pva Chomu. I have one for seven years and works extremely well."
"Let me state up front - I was my car a lot and I mean a lot. Two to three times a week or more. I normally use soft cotton bath towels and change them out as I go so I always have one semi dry towel to remove the last bit of water. I don't have problems with this method as I clean my towels often and keep my car waxed so the system works well for me. No scratches or swirls.But...I thought I might be missing something so I got one of these towels and frankly I really can't see the point. While it might be softer than a normal cotton or terrycloth towel and does soak up a lot of water, it pretty much stays wet after that. You can wring it out, but it just spreads water after the initial use no matter how much you wring it. If you're going to use it as a first pass to soak up the majority of the water then I guess it's okay. But as your car starts to dry you end up putting more water down then was there when you started. Unless you have a bunch of these towels so you can always have a dry one, it's not any better than the method I use now.I just don't get the point or value in using these towels and they're pretty small too. I don't know that it will ever be part of my normal car washing routine, but it's unlikely. It's a nice towel, so I might find some other use for it as some point.I can't recommend this to anyone for it's intended purpose. Just use some good soft bath towels and save your money."
"Meguiar's has always had great products so I thought I'd try it and compare it to my Viking Microfiber Waffle Weave Drying Towel .  It doesn't really compare....far less absorbent, and too small.  I can dry my whole Range Rover with the Viking... this barely made it past the 2nd quarter panel."
"To be honest, the towel wasn't really that water ""magnet"". I personally find my old towel would do a much better job."
"No luck with this Meguiars product, Its does just okay when drying the paint after I wash my car but the glass is another sad story"
"I was looking for a nice towel and after read these reviews I was convinced to buy this product. Im disappointed because im Meguiars fans and I was sure that would be a nice product. Its does not abborb the water as announced."
"Bought this despite the poor reviews, figuring maybe since most of the reviews were older that they may have improved the towel since then.  Nope.  Quite possibly the worst towel I've ever used.  It basically just pushes the water around on my car and soaks up some of it, but doesn't really DRY the car.  It just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air.  My old beach towel worked 100x better.  And I thought Meguiar's was supposed to sell good quality products.  Live and learn, I guess."
"This product is so inferior to Griots that it is not funny. Look, Meguiar's makes great car wax products, this is probably a product they sub out and then add a make up too. It's too thin, to small, just all together beneath the reputation of Meguiar's product line. As a drying cloth not very good at all. As a wax removal cloth just not good enough. Listen if you detail your engine compartment these are just fine. If you are not a car person, these are going to be good enough for you, really. But if you are fussy about your car, wax it , detail it.... these would be the product you want to use for wheels, engines and door jams. I already own them so that is what I will use them for, same a an old house towel would be used. If that is what you are looking for , look no further, these will do. But for drying or wax removal....NOT."
"I used it to wax my daughters car. It fell apart before I finished applying wax. Was very dissatisfied with this Meguiars product."
"Amazon said it fit a 2007 Honda Element, but the Element wiper arm is not a J hook. Amazon needs to fix their wizard; this makes me hesitant to purchase other auto parts from them."
"According to the selection process, it showed that this product fits my car. I have had trouble making this fit for my car. Again, with all my reviews, I research more than the average person and thus far I had to put the old wiper blades back on my car - sorry.... I hate giving bad reviews, but this is what I feel."
"The three year old Bosch wiper was squeaking because it'd turned stiff and wouldn't flip over on the opposite stroke. I replaced it with Rain-X. The wiper streaked along its entire length after installation when I used my windshield washer. I'd hoped that in a heavy rain it would clean up and work well. WRONG! It got worse and my visibility was so poor that I felt that driving was dangerous. Luckily I didn't have far to go before I could change it. I've always liked the Rain-X liquid so felt that I could trust the brand. Maybe I got a bad one but I've never had this happen with other brands. I won't chance buying these again."
"Didn't last very long in the Florida sun.  Not impressed with any of the Rain-X products.  Wouldn't buy again. Prood that a good marketing plan can sell even an inferior product!"
"Purchased a set of these wipers for my wife's Rav 4 March of 2012.  As rainy season was about over, decided to keep them in the garage until a couple of days ago.  Installed them easily.Fired them up to try them,,,,windshield was wet from morning dew.  Streaked badly.However drove off with them on as was in a hurry and felt that I would deal them later.Later yesterday, got a bit of rain.  Turned them on, they streaked so badly that almost unable to see at all,,,,the left side far worse than right side.Windshield is clean and smooth,,,,no roughness or defects.Today I called Rain-X support  1-800-416-1600 and spoke to a lady named Adrian.Told her of my issues.  She asked when purchased.  I said March 2012 and installed a couple of days ago.  She then said that there blades were only good for 6 to 12 months.  I told her that had been stored.  She asked if in ""temperature controlled environment""?. I said in the garage where temp never exceeds 85 degrees and were kept in original packaging in a dark closet.  She said that was the problem.I told here that the original wipers on the Toyota Rav 4 were 3 years old and still functioned better than Rain-x that were 6 months old, stored properly,,,not exposed to elements and never used, and yet were far worse in smearing of windshield than the old originals.She then told me that they have 90 day warranty and with receipt I could return.  I said that I purchased 6 months ago and had kept for when I would need them.  She said that was too bad and there was nothing that could be done,,,,,that my improper storage was why they failed.I asked her if 3 year old originals that had been used and baked in the sun and elements were superior to Rain-X blades that had been stored properly for 6 months and unused.  She said that she was not suggesting that at all.As an aside,,,,made in Korea, assembled in China.Cannot understand why Rain-X even provides a Customer Support number,,,,as there certainly is no support here. If Adrian was my employee, I could can her as she truly is inept.Likely the worst product that I've ever purchased."
".Car waxes seem to have a fair amount of sizzle and hype included at no extra charge.After using both products, I preferNu Finish Liquid Car PolishZymol is:* Much less durable than Nu Finish, according to Consumer Reports tests (Nov 2011)* About twice the cost (see Note 1)- Shelf life is not as good (see Note 2)If your time counts for anything, durability is a big deal. Same protection, fewer waxings.- - - Paste Wax Alternatives - - -These paste waxes are even more durable, according to the CR report.Nu Finish Paste Car PolishorTurtle Wax T-465 8 Oz Ice Polish Paste- - - Notes - - -Note 1: Amazon price for Nu Finish swings mostly between 7 and 11. Wal-Mart has it for about 8. This compares with about $16 for Zymol.There's an ""Online Price Alert"" that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dips below your target price. Google it. It's nicely done. Or try camemcamelcamel.Note 2: Shelf life: I have bottles of Nu Finish and also Zymol from about 6 years ago. The Zymol is separated into grainy chunks and thin liquid -- hard to re-homogenize, but the Nu Finish is perfectly good."
"These little things are really cool, so I would recommend them if you don't mind drilling out your plate mounts. I just wonder what kind of idiot would use larger screws in their product than the US standard."
"STOP! Got this to take out the front side oxygen sensors on my 2002 Ford Crown Vic Police Interceptor P71. It does NOT fit, no way, no how! Get a 7/8"" combo wrench or one of those fancy pants combo wrenches with the split socket at one end! My sensors weren't even that tight!"
"It is a cheap steel receiver tow hook.  Nothing more.A retainer clip to keep the strap in the hook should have been included at the very least.  Otherwise any slack might make your tow strap pop out, or worse yet, stab your strap over the end of the hook and rip it.I have done a lot of pulling, vehicle recovery, and off-road driving.  I've seen every scary, unimaginable tow method.  And, I've seen people use things that were not designed for pulling like cables and chains.  Misuse of these items can seriously injure and kill people, as well as do major damage to vehicles.  Because, when you put thousands of pounds of stress on a tow line and suddenly it breaks or lets loose, it shoots straight back in the opposite direction and will go RIGHT THROUGH windshields, radiators, plastic, sheet metal, and BYSTANDERS.If you want something to keep in your trunk in case you ever get stuck in a ditch, or if you even THINK you're an off-roader gearing up for the trail, DON'T BUY THIS.Frame mounted clevis points are the safest bet.  But, if you don't have that luxury at least buy a receiver CLEVIS mount with a closed eye and a screw-pin clevis.Other safety advice from experts:Only use a soft nylon tow strap rated at least twice your vehicle's weight.Never use a strap with built-in hooks or metal eyelets.Never use chain.Never use wire rope cable.I knew the dangers when I bought it.  But I'm not using it for towing or emergency recovery.  And I know how to and not to use it."
"I bought this to pull small logs and brush around our farm. I got stuck in a creek bed which was MUCH softer than I thought.  My '96 Ford F250 diesel weighs over 7500lbs with an extra fuel tank on it. It is a heavy truck, but it's no semi or anything.  I got pulled out by some guys in a smaller Nissan pickup, which was light enough not to sink in the creek.  They took a ""rolling start"" of FIVE FEET, not more, which completely straightened out the hook!!! I don't know if I got one that somehow missed the tempering process, but what a piece of $***. Just for more background, the 10 foot tow strap was rated at 5000lbs, so the force required to straighten this hook was less than that. It might as well have been made from aluminum.  I can't complain too much at under $20, but I thought smittybuilt meant quality.  I wasn't taking a 20mph go at a stump or anything.  I'm glad that I could attach my strap to the frame easily enough.  If it had been an emergency situation I'd have been buggered."
"I received it as a gift a few weeks ago, and am selling it again.There is no real benefit of having such a unit.First, the mounting is an issue as you have the cable running across your dashboard. Having a second plug on the right side is interfeering with gear shifting and whatever controls you have in your center console. It would be better to have a plug on the left side. Using the one in the back makes the cable run all across the dashboard, no thank you.Second, besides the tachometer (if you don't have one) what data readout do you really need? Really need? Nothing, exactly. Codes can be red out by any Auto place for free, and what are you doing if your converter speed is at a certain speed? Exactly, see what I mean? Okay, volts maybe, but just maybe.The unit, sent back to ScanGauge for testing, does hardly come on by itself, so you don't really know if any of the fuel/trip data is accurate. This makes it already questionable, and therefore I do not have any use for it.So, for us it is another item where we have to question its quality and reliability.Less than 1 month old, contact me if you want it. I take of 20% right away."
"Before purchasing this item I called the manufacturer to be sure it did what I wanted.  They said it would but it did not.  i called them back and they said it was capable of what I wanted but I would have to program it for it to work.  Not what you read on the package, not what the manufacturer said, and directions so poor I could not beging to program it and I'm a geek."
"The grease is perfect. The thing that bothers me is that I used this one time (very gently I may add) and the tube that it's in got a bunch of little pin holes in it and now the grease leaks out in my tool box. To make matters worse, I opened the tool box the other day and the cap had split in two so now there's even more leaking out! I thought I could buy this and keep it around for future use, but now I am going to have to throw it away after using just a tiny bit on my spark plug wires. What a bummer."
"I started out very happy with these, but see updates at the end of the review.The hatch on my 2002 Grand Cherokee developed a nasty habit of falling on my head because the struts were starting to lose their lifting power. I bought two of these, and in about 20 minutes, the problem was solved. They have been installed for about a month, and seem to be working just fine.Installation was easy. The old struts were held by two bolts on each strut. Once they were removed, the new ones popped could be screwed in. You may have to hold the tailgate as far open as possible to install the strut.A couple tips from the installation:1. Get a helper. Much easier if someone holds up the tailgate while you are trying to replace these.2. You will need a Torx bit- not sure of the size, but it was the largest one in my kit.3. The existing bolts are on pretty tight. A drop of penetrating oil on the screw made it easier to remove the bolts.4. My Torx kit only had a cheap ""screwdriver"" handle to hold the Torx bits. I ended up destroying this handle because the existing screws were in so tight. It is probably worth buying a ratchet wrench setup before you start.5. One tip- when installing the new strut, it helps if you snug up the upper screw first. This slightly lifts the strut, making it easier to line up the bottom screw.Hope that helps. The whole process was actually pretty easy- if you can use a socket wrench, you can do this.UPDATE: 9/9/13After 7 months of relatively light use (I open the tailgate roughly 3 times per week), my opinion of these has gone from 5 to 1 star. They still work, but they make so much noise I am ashamed to open my tailgate within 100 yards of people. Opening or closing the gate will result in a very loud screech from both struts. Not an annoying little squeak, but a very lout, annoying, nails-on-a-chalkboard screech.I have tried a film of oil, silicon spray and creative language, but nothing will remove the screech.I finally tracked down the StrongArm supplier, AVM industries and left an email message on their customer service website.Update 9/24/13I guess after 2 weeks, they have no intention of replying to their emails. I called their tech support number 800-790-5438. No answer, but left message.Update 9/25/13Another phone call, another message. Still no answer back.Update 9/26/13I passed the Amazon 30 day window, and thought I was stuck. But I contacted Amazon customer service and told them my story. Within an hour I received a reply, and Amazon is taking them back and providing a refund.So, a happy ending, but I will never touch another product made by AVM Industries.Update 10/16/13Got my refund, less a 20% ""restocking"" fee. Chalk up $7.50 to ""experience""And Finally-  10/18/13After contacting Amazon Customer Service again, the refunded my restocking fee."
"Bought two of these for my 2003 Grand Cherokee Limited.  One fit well but the other was longer.  I couldn't compress the piston enough to fit it, and trying to screw it in ended up snapping the metal, making it useless.  I put the stock lift support back in and now I have one new and one old.  It opens better but still not very good."
"I have been washing all my cars for years with Turtle Wax Car Wash and have always been satisfied with this Turtle Wax products.When I bought this product, Turtle Wax ZIP CarWax, I was really disappointed about its wash performance :- the &#34;concentrate&#34; in the bottle is very watery to begin with; no comparison to Turtle Wax's original ZIP car wash- even though I used 1 fl. oz. (~ 30 ml) with a bucket of water this product does not generate any suds- because of this it is tough to get grime and dirt off; you have to scrub really hardI am baffled that this product has so many positive reviews; maybe Turtle wax recently has changed the formula for this product, and I got the newest version."
"Meguiar's Quik is cheap, which is great as long as your interior is already pretty clean. It has no intrinsic cleaning power of it's own beyond that of water. In other words, it will clean exactly as well as a damp cloth. Any dirt that can't be lifted with a damp cloth will stay put. It does have a nice scent, which dissipates in a matter of hours. You'll probably want a more effective product if your car gets a lot of use and/or carries many passengers."
"I use a lot of Meguires products. This product turned my dash board splotchy and brown in spots. I went over the cart a few times to  make sure the product was being absorbed evenly. It made no difference. The plastic on my console shifter indicator also turn blotchy. I waited a day and then went over everything with Meguiars #40 Vinyl and Rubber conditioner and everything turned out great. I believe the #40 is a much better product at least on my car. I called Meguires and told them what happened. They told me the #40 has as much uv protection as the Quick Detailer. They had no explanation as to why I had bad results.The plastic on my console is still blotchy but I will try some plastic lens polish to try and fix that. Just glad I didn't use this on my instrument panel."
"I bought a set of these ramps and they flat out don't work on my 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 4x2.  In my garage and/or on an asphalt parking lot they don't stay put.  When I drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoots them along.  I have to ""hold"" them in place by using rubber floor mats and/or wood stoppers.  Yes, they have the rubber feet on their base but they don't hold.  Hate them....and wouldn't buy them again.  I returned them."
"I bought this stuff for my 1947 Willys Jeep.  The transfer case/transmission has developed a nasty leak recently, and I hoped this product would help.  I added a full bottle to the transfer case (which was leaking the most) and a bit to the transmission sump; they are interconnected, but have separate fill and drain holes.  It was very difficult to get into the fill holes because of the viscosity of the stuff (about the consistency of molasses).  I drove around today, about 40 miles or so, and both the transfer case and the transmission still leak about the same as when I put it in.  I cannot recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a  leaky transmission."
"Appears to be honda civic compatible. But after using Lubegard I have found a stark difference (better) with Lubegard. Lucas works but it slows down shifts (about a 2 seconds delay) and I had to gun the engine to get that power transfer up a hill or long shallow incline. Lubegard transfers power to the civic very quickly. I suspect that the reason is because lubegard is very thin and Lucas is too thick and tacky. Maybe it will work for you in a much more positive way, but not for me. I am surprised that other reviewers are saying that it makes shifting BETTER ???I will assume they never compared it to lubegard, so they would have known what smooth really is, like i did. OR perhaps it really shifts better based on the particular car make and degree of tranny damage; so in all fairness, I cannot knock those reviewers, but you can try lubegard. I stand by it; if you want smoother shifting (does not stop leaks if you have any !Conclusion: I deleted my initial review, in favor of lubegard. Lubegard is clearly a better product (but not all their other products are superior though). Lucas works so-so. I took off two stars after I found another product that works better. No, I do not work for them OR sell their products - I just love to tell people about great discoveries."
"This product does not work exactly how Lucas says it does. I used this in a Detroit engine that was not burning oil before I used it but afterwards was.I have talked with many drivers (truck drivers) who have used this with the same results. I will never touch another Lucas product. This stuff is a sham and a waste of a Drivers hard earned money. If you want to do something good for your engine use Synthetic engine oil."
"I wanted to save a few bucks and paint instead of buying caliper covers. I know paint prep is important for this type of job and spend at least 30 min on each wheel. I also followed the temperature and curing times closely. I used 3 to 4 coats on each caliper. Within the week there where multiple large chips flaking off."
"This digital tire gauge drains battery even if you are not using it.I checked my tires once a month, but, I already have to change battery about once per year.The gauge still use power to memoris the pre-setting of tire pressure. come to think about it, thepre-set memory is useless if you have 2 different cars. (Because it only can memoris one front and one back tire setting). The 2032 lithiumX2 battery is not cheap, I expect it should last at least 5 years."
"I must have misunderstood how this siphon works. I have never been able to get it work at all. I have tried every possible method  and no luck. I understand how gravity works but apparently this device doesn't. If you get it to work, more power to you."
"I had a time trying to keep the connections from leaking. As you tighten the connector on it would torque the hose and it would unwind and loosen the connector causing a leak. I ended up putting a pressure regulator on that had a rotating connector. It allowed the hose to untorque itself without unscrewing the connector."
"Found this dangerous for my 29' Airstream.  It's fine for level parking, but don't use this on sloping grades.  Trust me on this one.  For smaller, lighter campers I'm sure this would be ideal."
"I bought this jack stand to replace the assortment of wood blocks that I used under the front tongue of our 20' camper, weight about 500lbs,  when parked at the storage lot or while out camping.  By the second season the base had fatigued and cracked in a circular manner and by the third season I had to remove it from service because I felt it would not safely hold the weight of the tongue.  I was pretty disappointed considering how much I spent and inconvenient is was to store away.  I've moved on to the &#34;Flip-foot&#34; jack extension."
"When I bought this product I thought "" great I won't need to bring heavy cinder blocks with me anymore."" Well, I was wrong.  The top is too narrow for my jack to go on safely.  When I put the camper on it, it seems way to unstable."
"used it on a surface on my BMW 328ic near the trunk area. I had 2 little spots approx. 1x2&#34; on the left and right that had rust forming UNDER the rubber gasket... I brushed of the rust with a dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and used this on top. let dry for a day before repainting and applying clear coat. It does not seem to penetrate the little rust remaining as other products. I used &#34;Rost-Egal&#34; from Germany many many years I lived there and that has been the best product so far. You use it once and just know it works. With this very liquid product I am not so sure... It did not even seem to &#34;stick&#34; very well to vertical surfaces. For the next job I will look for a &#34;thicker&#34; product that will cling more to the treated area."
"I realize that there are testimonials for this product actually doing what it says it will do.  I have not had an occasion to need it in an emergency.  AND - I hope that I never do.  It does not inspire confidence.  It feels like something that would be included in a child's toy tool set.  Extremely lightweight.  Directions state you must hit the window in a specific location - good luck with that in an emergency.  I was hoping for a tool with enough weight, which added to acceleration, would break the window.  Again, I have not used it, and I will not trust it in an emergency - so I will be looking for a better product.  I do not recommend this item...at any cost."
"I had higher hopes for this, but for the cost, I guess I shouldn't have.Unit is light - about the weight of a candy bar is how it feels in your hands.  The cutter has a horrible entry angle, you'd think in an emergency your tendency while using this would be to pull straight up, but this is angled at more of a 45 degree angle so that won't work quite as well - things have a habit of getting caught and folding over with my testing.But the mount - oh my, it's just horrible. In every respect.  There's a little sheet inside that recommends using sticky backed velcro to mount it.  But the back is hollowed, with just a few thin lines of plastic that the velcro sticky side could even stick to - no way there's nearly enough surface contact for that to be even remotely feasible.  There are screw mounts, but not many people want to drill screws through their cars interior.  Then it's a really tight pull to get this thing out of it.  Hardly what I'd want to have to deal with in an emergency, trying to pull this out, having the whole thing come out because the velcro sticky back couldn't adhere to the base at all.  Then trying to pull this out of the base while I'm fumbling to pull both sides apart from each other, while theoretically in an emergency situation in which I may be in a deadly situation, or addled because of an impact or airbag deployment...Going to look for a better solution, since this one clearly is not it."
"I used Royal Purple Synthetic in my last Truck for a few years until they started asking arms, legs and first born children for the oil. I did my homework and started reading reports of independent lab's testing. I found out that Royal Purple ranks below Mobil 1 and Amsoil. I switched to the best oil made, Amsoil, and never looked back."
"Don't buy this unit. Buy Camco 39062 RV Dual Flush Pro Holding Tank Rinser with Gate Valve instead.  This unit will let you back flush but guess what happens when you want to disconnect the hose.I guess it's only good for connecting a hose for extending the drain..."
"After the battery is mostly charged, this charger goes to 16.4 volts and starts boiling the electrolyte. Normally when battery is mostly charged, the voltage should not go that high!!! The charger did not switch to a float mode either as it was supposed to.To make sure it is not a battery issue, I tried to use this charger on 3 different batteries and saw the same result. Charger at 16.4 volts and boiling electrolyte. If I was not keeping a close eye on the charger, it would have destroyed my battery by boiling out all electrolyte. I thought this thing is ""smart"" and ""automatic.""Did I also mention that one time I was tried to use the charger(see above for results) it was making a lot of loud noise because of a constantly running cooling fan."
"I was expecting  a better charger  I could not recommend it to any one.ps it works ok but it has a cheap look to it."
"I planned on using this unit to charge my auto batteries and then leave it on trickle charge. However, it has a FAN which constantly runs and will wear out, just like the fans in the PC's do. I don't know, but I also bet that if the fan bearings fail and the blades won't spin, the charger microprocessor will not operate for safety reasons. Really poor product design to use up fan life when you want to trickle charge a battery over the winter."
"I tried to charge my car battery and it showed 12v at 40% so after four hours it showed 12v at 100%. I removed the cables and after 30 minutes it showed 12.1v at 52% and after two hours it was at 100%. Let it sit again and it was 12.3v at 71%. I tested the voltage at times while charging and it never went above 12.5v. I do not believe that this is a reliable charger so I returned it for a older model SE-5212A. I have used Midtronics products so I understand the microprocessors and there quirks but nothing beats the old tried and true charges that have metal cases and transformers. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this it's junk. P.S it's 3/12 Amp not 3/6/12 Amp. This charger works if you have a battery that is weak but if your battery is under 9 volts you have to keep unplugging it and start over and over until it reaches a threshold to maintain it. The cooling fan does not run all the time and the unit over heats and then I would have to let it cool down and start over again."
"I purchased this to charge and Maintain batteries but the unit I got does not maintain at all and the cooling fan never operates no matter what amp charge setting. Connected to a car battery I start charging and it shows battery is at 70% which is nice and after full charge at 100% the charger goes into Charge/Maintain mode but that's where it stops working like others have reported...came back to the battery after two days and the battery isn't charged and so I unplug the charger and plug it back in and it shows battery at 52%. The battery is connected to 4 10 watt LED lights that come on after dark for 6 hours so I expected this charger to start charging when the battery is down but that is not the case like how my last battery charger/maintainer worked. It only seems to charge and not maintain so It's being returned to Amazon.Don't trust it to keep a battery maintain.Update. Amazon replace charger and was quick about it...but the new charger arrived DOA and now on the way back to Amazon for refund. Done with this brand."
"I wanted to use this to fill transmission oil into the transmission after performing a filter change and dropping the transmission pan. It broke not even after putting 2 quarts in the pan.. Needless to say that I was not happy as I had to WALK to the next car store to buy a replacement since I coudl not drive with only 2 quarts in the tranny. Buy 2 or 3 to be on the safe side if one fails or use a different solution to begin with. I am using a funnel from now on in combination with a longer plastic tube going down from over the engine."
"First the good: It seems well made, pumps very easily and moves a decent amount of fluid with each pump.The bad: It says it fits quart containers but it would not screw on to my Redline quart bottles. I also had a gallon jug to pump out (which it did not fit on either) and while doing so, the pick up tube dropped off into the jug. Naturally the tube is an odd size and nothing I could find laying around the garage would fit on there so I ended up cutting off the top of the jug to retrieve the tube so I could finish the job. The end result was quite a mess of gear oil all over the garage floor. If you buy this product make sure the bottom tube is pushed in place tightly!!!"
"Pump works great but the delivery leaves a lot to be desired. I should have realized that the cc volume it delivers per pump was going to take forever to empty a quart of fluid. Live and learn. I will still use it, but only when all else fails."
"Honesty look like a toy, really is a toy.This pump is too weak and it doesn't hold almost nothing .If you plan to buy, check another bigger."
"This didn't do what I need it to which was to remove glue from my paint car. I even heated the remnants of glue and still didn't work. I'm disappointed."
"Horrible material! I have to say that this was a total waste of money! I would not recommend this to my worst enemy (yes I would)!"
"i bought these for my rv trailer. They are too flimsy and thin for the weight ofmy trailer and the do not fit well under the tires. the lip is guess you would call it is too thing to fit snug in place. there is no string to help you remove or pull them away when packing up. i am buying a different set."
"What was I thinking? What was I expecting for 4 bucks? I thought I was getting a solid hard plastic product(maybe I didn't read closely enough). Instead I got cheap hollow thin walled plastic that isn't fit to chock a tricycle, let alone a 10,0000 lb trailer. These things will obliterate the first time a tire even comes in contact. Your tongue jack, and stabilizers are the only thing that will hold you. Don't even think about using them when you disconnect from your truck unless you're on perfectly level ground. use a piece of fire wood. These things will crack like an egg in cold weather, and melt like putty on any day over 60 degrees. Isn't there some sort of safety standards for this sort of product? Don't waste your money.Wasn't even worth the time to return."
"These things slip on a hard painted concrete floor. Possibly OK on asphalt, but not concrete. Pass on them, get something else."
"Had planned to drop these behind the wheels on the truck when we put the boat over.But they want to slip on the concrete ramp as soon as the tire tread starts to push.Doesn't seem to matter whether I plant them before easing the tires back, or hard-place them at the tires, because as soon as enough drift happens, the tire and chock move together."
"I was expecting a solid rubber-like product. It looks and feels like moulded plastic. Seems to do the job though, and it's very light-weight.Update - Changed my mind. Forgot they were in place and rolled my trailer right over the top of them. Crushed them flat. Worthless, in my opinion."
"For myself, these might work? Only because my car is very small and barely weighs 1800lbs. These are not solid, they are a thinner plastic, maybe 1/4 of an inch thick. They do however stack together nicely to make it easier to store them. I wouldn't recommend these to anyone, not even a Go-cart racer.When I seen RhinoGear I imagined thick sturdy rubber chock-blocks not thin plastic cups."
"I brought this product to my mechanic to see if it is advisable to add to my coolant while at service.  He told me never use with aluminum radiators.  Also there is nothing wrong with my coolant system so he flushed the system with distill water and added Toyota Red coolant to a mix approximately 50/50.The mechanic added, only Royal Purple product he might use is brake fluid for its color so when you flush the brake system you can easier to tell the fluid is clear when purple fluid starts breeds out.I was laughing reading those reviews of swearing up and down how good all the Royal Purple products are.  Those clowns are very likely working for or owning Royal Purple."
"This thing will mess up your water coolant pump. For some reason due to the additives it has, it corrodes aluminum parts. I had to replace mu thermostat and water pump on my 2012 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Royal Purple claim that this additive is compatible with all coolants including Mopar, GMC...etc. I don't think so. Not from what I experienced. I strongly suggest you don't use this product. Plus It did not make any difference in cooling although I had a 180F thermostat. If you are looking for better cooling go other ways such as upgraded radiators or different thermostats rather than this cheap product which can damage your coolant system !"
"Put this in a Envoy XUV with 17,500 original miles hoping to maybe squeeze a little MPG's based on the other reviews I read here on Amazon.  What a crock !  Did nothing remotely close to lowering temp.  Just lowered my pocket book by $28 and change because I bought 2 bottles based on Purple's rep. I had e-mailed telling me 1oz per quart of capacity.  Figured I would then put the rest in my wife's Accord.  Temp is actually higher !  I e-mailed rep back and here is what he said :I'm sorry that you having noticed a temperature drop as of yet, but Purple Ice will not cause an increase in operating temperature.  Was this vehicle running hot to begin with?  If so, was the root cause investigated?No radiator additive will cause an a thermostatically controlled cooling system to run consistently colder than the thermostat set-point.  The thermostat is there to help the engine warm up quickly be restricting coolant flow until the coolant reaches a certain temperature.  That is its function.  If the coolant goes below that set-point the thermostat closes and the coolant begins to increase in temperature until the t-stat opens again.If you were not having overheating problems, why did you purchase and use a product that is intended to alleviate overheating problems?  The product works as exactly advertised.  If you would like the vehicle to run colder that the current t-stat set-point you may try installing a cooler t-stat.  Purple Ice will help you vehicle achieve this lower temperature after the mechanical restrictions to such an end are removed.In my opinion FALSE ADVERTISING and a SNAKE OIL product BEWARE."
"The information on this product states that this item it will fit most RV's.  Not so, not even close.  There is no way to even motifiy this item to make it work.  Was a total waste of money.  I've had RV's for over 40+ years, and have never even seen a gutter even close to what this will fit.  Not even worth sending back due to the shipping return charges being more that this product cost.  Would not recommend this product to anyone. To bad you have even give it one star, in order to leave a review"
"it looks good and good quality however description was not clear, you will need to unscrew the guter and then drill and then put back.... i did not even try, I had one before that was snap on, much easier. this one i will not use it.sorry"
"The install was pretty easy and the theory seems solid however this just doesn't work.  I tried multiple times with almost zero cleaning. I would skip this product."
"First of all, when these work they are pretty useful. That said, I bought 2 (one for black water and one for grey) and I tested the spray nozzles on my garden hose before installing.  Only one seems to spin fairly regularly, and even that one locked up on occasion.  The one that was locked up from the beginning did spin if you twisted it with your fingers to give it a push, but that's obviously going to be impossible once it's installed.I chose to install them because even if they aren't spinning, they spray water in an almost 360 degree dome of water, so I speculate that even if they're locked up they will help dislodge solids and give your tanks that extra rinse we all need.  That said, this unique concept of a product is fatally flawed and does not work reliably as advertised.  Oh and, like others - the clear hose that comes with it was also kinked bad - on both of them - which restricts the flow of water quite a bit.It's an admirable attempt by Camco, but similar to other products from them - it's hit or miss on the quality of manufacturing and the effectiveness of an advertised feature set.  Purchase with caution, or just settle for the non-spinning versions from either Camco or other vendors.Another word of caution - pre-drilling the holes for the mounting screws on your tanks is not recommended even though the instructions recommend it.  Your tank material is usually a soft plastic, and the screws strip the holes easily.  Pre-drilling does not help.  Plan on using a lot of silicon to make sure it stays on!"
"Like other reviewers, I found that the nozzle spins or not, as it chooses. I tested it three different times, and it only spun one of those times. Obviously, this is something you can't easily detect or fix once the unit is installed.Back to Amazon. I'll use the wand-down-the-toilet until I find a product that works properly."
"Should you make the mistake of purchasing these, do yourself a favor.  Before you cut a hole in one of your holding tanks, hook this thing up to a hose to see just how useless it would be actually installed in the tank itself.  I bought two, thought the first one was just bad because the &#34;Tornado&#34;.....well...wasn't.  Really is a waste of money.  Thankfully Amazon have a fantastic return policy!"
"We have tried this product several times and found ""IT DOES NOT DISSOLVE"" as advertised. (Camco 2 Ply RV & Marine Toilet Tissue)It plugs up against the gate valve so when you open it to dump, the ""solids"" and the tissue cannot come through.We have had our Black Tank Line snaked twice due to this product plugging up against the drain line gate valve. (and yes we use the appropriate chemicals)""Do Not"" use this product in your RV. Try ""Thetford"" brand. Although only single ply, it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolves as advertised."
"Found the same 4 pack at Walmart for $2 less.  I think Amazon is padding prices to make up for free shipping.As far as the product goes.  Very thin typical RV paper your finger will go through eventually.  Have soap and sanitizer ready.  4 Sheets equal one square of Charmin."
"These are not good.  I bought them for a fifth wheel landing gear pad and they are slippery and small.  My landing gear almost slipped off one of them!  I would not buy again.  I went back to good old pre-cut wood blocks and am glad I did.  Don't waste your money on these junky pads."
"I was very optimist about this product to help avoiding the stabalizers to sink in the grass, this past weekend I used for the first time in the grass, it rained and it sank deep and when I pulled the stabilizers up, and removed the pads they were bent, they do not hold their flat struture in a ""soft"" grass, if you do grass camping with motorhome that will not work, I am thinking I will still need a piece of 2x6 under the pad."
"WARNING UPDATE: 2013-09-04.  So the wife and I have recently returned from a wonderful 4 month trip around the USA.  We left home on April 26, and returned on August 19th.  We towed a 29' Airstream. Naturally during that time we used theCamco 44622 RV Wheel Stop (Large)a lot.  We also used the [ASIN:B0012FEN0K Camco 44642 RV Wheel Stop with Padlock]] on the opposite side.  I purchased them both at the same time 7 months earlier.  I did use them before posting my original review, but I used them daily for nearly 4 months since this past April. Both are relatively easy to put on and remove and they seem secure, but we did have a serious incident which scared the H*ll out of us and is why I've lowered my original stars from 5 to 2.DO NOT trust these devices to prevent your trailer from rolling.  We nearly had a serious accident in a state campground in New Mexico where we were on a slight back to front incline.  At the time these devices were all we were using to hold our wheels. Our tongue jack was resting on aValterra A10-0900 Red Trailer Tongue Jack Stand. In my opinion, another dangerous product.  Long story short, the Camco Wheel Stops did not hold and our trailer rolled back over a foot tipping off the Valterra Jack Stand, crashing our tongue jack to the ground.  After changing our britches and finding that, fortunately, nothing had been damaged other than our egos, we jacked the tongue back up and placed rocks behind and between our wheels to chock them. We immediately stopped using the Valterra Jack Stand.  Temporarily I used some of the yellow interlocking leveling blocks I purchased at Camping World, covered with an 8"" 2x6. Eventually I got a scrap piece of an 8x6 beam and cut it to 8x8x6.  This makes a nice, wide, squat tongues rest and it will not tip over. We also purchased some good old fashioned wheel chocks and continued to always back up our Camco Wheel Stops with wheel chocks.We were lucky, neither of us were hurt and no damage was done.  My hope is that by relating this experience I will prevent it from happening to others.  Happy Travels."
"I tried to be careful, so I enter my car information. Amazon fit checks show that it would fit 1996 Lexus LS400. I ordered and found out it didn't fit. My car has an arm that requires the thin side but this wiper blade is too big to fit."
"I bought these cause the price seemed good.They chatter unless its pouring out I wont get them again for sure. If you want good wipers get the Rainx lattitudes or Trico Neoform they are both superior to Bosch crap.."
"I bought this because it comes up when searching for a Cadillac Eldorado 1994 but this blade is too curved.  It stands an inch above the window in the middle the whole way across."
"These are well-built (made in China though, not like previous Bosch from Europe), they seem to be long-lasting and streak free, but the 26"" left a HUGE swath of my windshield uncleared on my '07 accord. The 18"" works great though."
"I purchased two Bosch Evolution blades for my 2007 Hyundai Accent on 02/07/2014. Today, 05/19/2014, I finally gave up and replaced them. I have never had wiper blades that performed this poorly. There was almost no contact with the windshield on either side. They left haze and streaks and would spatter water about requiring incessant re-wiping of the windshield to get it to clear. This, the 22&#34; blade frequently chattered and hopped when there was only light moisture. I've never had new beam style wiper blades do that.I purchased these Evolution blades because last season I had a set of Bosch's Clear Advantage on the car and really liked the way they performed. Unfortunately none of the local stores had them in stock when I needed new blades so I thought spending more on these supposedly better Evolution blades would be a no-brainer. With less than 3,000 miles and three months of use I just threw away thirty bucks because I trusted a company to make a quality product.Highly dissatisfied."
"I bought these at my local Firestone because there was a special on wiper blades. I paid 8 dollars for a pair.I needed replacement wiper blades as my OEM Nissan ones were starting to streak.I cleaned my windshield and put these wiper blades on. First rainy day came after 2 months of putting them on and they STREAK. These are TERRIBLE blades. My OEM Nissan ones that were older than these Bosch Blades streaked less!I didn't expect this from Bosch at all!It was past the 30 day return so I can't return them at all. Stuck with them until the next Fall.I do not recommend."
"Made in China poor quality item that does not befit the Robert Bosch brand at all.Not for winter for sure.The origin of the product should be stated at the product page.If I knew it were a MADE-IN-CHINA I would not have bought it."
"I thought these would be better than the $5 ANCO ones but they aren't. They are the same at best. Save your money and buy the cheapies."
"Bosch has always been my wiper blade choice, until now. These blades just do not conform to the windshield. It's not on an unusual vehicle, just a plain old Dodge Dakota. They miss strips in both passes resulting in a messy windshield most of the time."
"these are suppose to fit, but do not clip well. the holes are too small. save your cash and just get the wipers directly from a BMW dealer, they are not that much more expensive, this was a complete waste of time and money"
"These seem to be OK. Cheaper than OEM. Better than unbranded parts. Seem to get a year or two before they disintegrate!Update!!!Does not fit Hitachi L4 F23a4 Distributor!Went to install and is wrong part. Will try to exchange or return. Don't trust that Amazon ""This part fits your....Car"" thing at the top of your page. I tried several parts and a few were wrong."
"I didn't know this was what was already on my car when I bought another to replace it. After removing the cap I found moisture had made its way into the components inside, under the cap. I would take an educated guess that it was due to an inferior o-ring or bad vent cap that came with the cap, see my other review. There was some oxidation on various parts and even some rust, which I've never seen in any other vehicles I've owned over the past 20 yrs. This rotor was a PITA to remove! Due to the lousy cap, the rotor was rusted on and had to be cut off. Even after installing the new one, I tried to remove it just out of curiosity and it was very hard to remove. I've never had this problem with OEM parts. I won't buy this rotor or the matching cap again."
"I didn't know this was what was already on my car when I bought another to replace it. When removing the existing one I found moisture had made its way into the components inside, under the cap. I would take an educated guess that it was due to an inferior o-ring or bad vent cap. There was some oxidation on various parts and even some rust, which I've never seen in any other vehicles I've owned over the past 20 yrs. The matching rotor was a PITA to remove, which I will explain in the rotor review. I won't buy this or the rotor again."
"Purchased as a replacement for a 2004 Ford Taurus.  Lasted about 7 months before it burned out.  Replaced this item with NGK brand, OEM manufacturer.  I do not recommend this item if you plan on keeping the car."
"I got a small construction staple stuck in my tire. Right on the tread, small holes. Exactly what this product is designed for. I followed the directions to a 'T', the Slime ""clotted"" in the hole and stopped the leak, and then I drove a few miles slowly to get the stuff well distributed in the tire. I measured the pressure over a few hours and it held. The next day I drove to work and when I came to my car that evening, the tire was flat. Lost pressure faster than when I had the staple in. It's been extremely cold here (Boston in February) and we've got a lot of snow, so my guess is that this stuff doesn't work too well in those conditions.I know people seem to have good luck with this, but I figured it would be useful to temper things a bit with the perspective of somebody for whom this product didn't work at all. Most importantly, watch out when using this in very cold weather.One more thing: if you look at the reviews you'll see that's it's pretty much either 5 stars (worked for people) or 1 star (didn't at all) with not much in between. It appears to work for about 3 out of 4 people, resulting in a pretty high average review (hence the four star overall rating). And that's assuming the Slime people are uncommonly honest and don't post false positive reviews. Put another way, THERE IS AT LEAST a 25% CHANCE THIS PRODUCT WILL BE A DISASTER FOR YOU. A 25% chance this will cause you far more trouble than if you'd just had the tire patched or used a more conventional tire sealnt, and that will make you deeply regret buying this. I'd actually say that for a product like this a 25% chance of failure is WAY too high. So, consider the 4/5 star review in that context. 4/5 might be a good rating for a TV, but for a product that is fixing something as important to your safety as a car tire, having a 3:1 ratio of five to one star reviews actually isn't that great."
"When I ordered this, I was guaranteed fitment on a Toyota 3S-FE engine. When it arrived, it was not the correct size. i left two stars because I did run out and buy the correct size from another store, however, I didnt want to have to do this when I had all the rest of my parts shipped in."
"The Amazon fitment guide said this would fit my 2004 Chevrolet Silverado LS, 5.8L V8.  It DID screw into the tank opening but after about five minutes of driving, I got a &#34;tighten fuel cap&#34; warning on my truck computer.  This cap can only be tightened so tight before it starts to &#34;click.&#34; It turns out that my truck has a cap that does not have threads on it like this model has.  Look closely at your factory gas cap.  If it doesn' have threads and has a geometrical triangle pattern on the side of it, skip this cap.  I ended up getting an ACDelco, GT264 cap from Amazon and it works just like the factory cap.  The Amazon picture for the GT264 does not show a side view of the cap, but all you have to do is Google the model number and there are hundreds of pictures on the internet.  I commend Amazon for their great shipping and return policy.  I will NEVER take them for granted.  I am a true LIFETIME Amazon customer."
"This cap was not good for my vehicle, the truck emission light came on which means the gas cap is not good and did not seal good."
"T.he website assured me this was a correct part for my model and year of honda.  Well the sensor was right, but the connector was female rather than the needed male connector.  The vendor needs to update his specs.  The part was almost right, but completely wrong."
"VERY CHEAP. LOCKING MECHANISM FELL OUT THE FIRST TIME I USED THIS CAP. PASS ON THIS ONE. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP. WASTE OF MONEY."
"I wound up spending $200 or more replacing my Vent Valve Solenoid, purge valve and Evap Canister because I was sold a defective AcDelco GT276 gas cap. I got the dreaded p0400 code and learned the first thing to check is the gas cap. Bought the Delco brand because of the tassle and hoped that it would be the same as the oem cap. Well, it's not!After replacing the gas cap and getting the same code a couple weeks later, I began to try and troubleshoot the EVAP system and quickly learned that it is a booger...After spending the time and money to replace the above mentioned parts and continuing to get the SES light and monitoring results thru my system/code reader, I turned my focus back to the Gas Cap. I had noticed that the tension on the cap before it began to click wasn't even as strong as the old oem cap I had replaced. At my wits end , I decided to go ahead and purchase the STANT brand gas cap and give it a shot. I read some good reviews about Stant. The new cap arrived and the tension and fit on it was 10 times better than this cap. After replacing with the Stant cap, I monitored the cars system and it PASSED the EVAP check. At that time I felt relieved that I found my problem, but I was also peeved that I had spent $200 on other parts because of this defective cap. So I would advise anybody out there to buy a Stant instead..... Oh, and the Delco is made in Germany"
"while amazon normally has a very updated and accurate fitment chart, the one for this item was off. the item was as described, and the picture was accurate of what the item looked like, however fitment showed it would fit my 02 Tahoe with the 5.3 L engine. this is not true for one reason.  - Flex Fuel - if you have a Flex Fuel 5.3 engine the filter is VERY different. you not only need a special tool to release the different type of 'quick disconnect' but you also have to get a different filter. Make sure you do your research prior to ordering from the more accurate fitment charts from the actual brand's website. If you don't have flex fuel on your engine, this should be the right one, and its just a matter of purging the fuel system, and breaking free 2 flare nuts on either side. the change only takes about 10 minutes. make sure you know what you need before ordering."
"Delivered today and looking forward to having this new cap to possibly get rid of the CHECK ENGINE LIGHT CODE for gas cap. WRONG CAP...they sent the one for a 2004 CHEVROLET SUBURBAN 1500 LS  FLEX FUEL ENGINE.....so don't trust the amazon CHECK car app to see if it matches your vehicle...this has been twice that the app has been wrong...anyway........THIS CAP IS FOR THE FLEX NOT THE NON FLEX FUEL ENGINE....DIF. IS THE FLEX IS THE SCREW CAP TYPE, THE NORMAL FUEL ENGINE IS A PLUG STYLE.........Once you open the package you can't it back, almost like burning 20ish dollar with a lighter....NOT a HAPPY CAMPER!"
"I ordered two of these filters. The packaging was safe and nice with more than enough padding in the box. However both of the filters were defective with top of the metal cans were bent.I returned them for a refund.Metal endcaps on both sides makes the total filtering area smaller than equivalent Toyota filters.Maybe a reason to use the bigger size."
"In the reviews of this sheepskin pad I found two differing opinions, one excellent, one not.  I needed two pads and decided to chance it and so ordered.  (Item #8000CAINT8, #019912525297)  When they arrived one was simply outstanding, the other could not have been much worse.  The sheepskin or whatever it was, was thin and ragged; it looked like my dog had been chewing it.  The other was thick and fluffy and fit perfectly.I also ordered one fabric Ergo Seat Belt Shoulder Pad as a backup.  (Item #8001SL9LYG, #019912535920  )  This pad is a bit smaller but works really well, I am very pleased with it and will use it on another vehicle.None of the three pads had any noticeable odor and all fit well.I am sorry for those ordering to have to face this quality situation.  The good sheepskin pad is perfect but both sheepskin pads have the same number(#019912525297).  If you really need a pad, as I did for neck injury, I recommend trying the sheepskin - you might get lucky.  The fabric pad is extremely nice as well."
"The plastic was broken when I received it. Doesn't appear to affect function or fit of the filter though, so it is in my car today."
"I bought this from Amazon last year and went to use it again the other day. The cap had rusted through for some reason! I keep this in a waterproof toolbox with a desiccant to keep the humidity low, but somehow it just rotted away. They product itself is great, but it's pretty hard to use now that the lid is gone."
"I thought these were great because they worked great at first, but it wasn't long until they started streaking (just a few months I believe). The streaking was very noticeable and annoying."
"2 days after I installed these, I noticed the drivers side wiper looked loose/crooked. I went to inspect it and the little plastic piece that locks onto the wiper had cracked. I figured I just had a dud, so I returned it to amazon and they sent me a new one right away.This time the blade lasted about a month and then the same exact thing happened. The same plastic piece cracked. Maybe it can't handle the cold weather or something. It is very thin, cheap plastic.I usually buy Bosch brand wipers, but Amazon had these on sale for 2 for $20, so I gave them a try. I'll be sticking with Bosch for now on."
"Too hard to install compared with other brands.I am going to return to rain-x brand in the future even though it costs more it will save my fingers from getting bloody."
"Picked one of these up because it indicated it'd fit with my dodge caliber, but unfortunately it did not. I didn't want to deal with the hassle of returning this, so instead I removed the blades from the wiper itself and slide them into my old OEM one. It works fine after doing that, but it was a lot more of a headache than a quick and easy swap I would certainly have preferred."
"I am disappointed with the Valeo wipers. They were expensive and have failed to deliver better performance than the cheaper wipers. In fact, they began to streak noticibly on two of the three vehicles that I installed them on, after only one month of use. Don't waste your money; get the cheaper wipers and refils..."
"on my car's windshield. I lost one piece while driving in the rain. I don't know why it came off completely without warning."
"I purchased this for my Honda Accord. It aligns TERRIBLY with the contour of my windshield and missing about 4-5&#34; of the windshield when wiping. I had a must more positive alignment experience with my truck, thus 2 stars instead of just 1."
"Very small cars only. SUV or truck or large car tires do not fit well between the ridges and deform the product. I fastened the mat down with 4 tapcon concrete screws, each 2 inches long, into my garage slab. The leading edge of the mat tore off the screws and folded up. The adhesive strip behind the mat was also useless. I would have had better result with a 2 x 4 piece of fir or pine and concrete screwing it to the garage slab. You also have to aim the car perfectly when you park it because the mat is only as wide as the tire. I can't return it because it's damaged from use due to faulty design. Wasted my money."
"Didnt work.  Gimmick.  Dont take this product as anything better than any other product claiming to do the same thing."
"I originally purchased the Deltran Battery Tender Jr. (021-0123) to keep the battery on my vehicle charged as it&#8217;s advertised of being capable of doing so on the packaging. This battery tender did not charge the battery on my car within the 72 hour window and turned off (Has a built-in timer). I called Deltran (877-456-7901) and was told by customer service that the Deltran Battery Tender Jr. was too small to use on a car/truck battery and that I should have purchased the Deltran Battery Tender Plus. I eventually purchased the Deltran Battery Tender Plus (021-0128) and the Deltran 12.5 ft. extension lead (DBT081-0148-12). The Deltran Battery Tender Jr. works fine on my walk behind lawn mower with electric start and should be fine for anything with a small battery. I would suggest that you purchase the Deltran Battery Tender Plus so you can have the option of using it on more equipment. Deltran should change the label on the Deltran Battery Tender Jr. if it&#8217;s not really intended for car/truck batteries. Check out batterytender.com for Deltrans&#8217; complete line."
"I had one of these and paid way to much for it. I bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteries before daisy chaining them for a 36v scooter. Got it out recently to do the same with 4 small scooter batteries and it burnt out before I could them done. I'm buying a real SC-300A charger/maintainer for about what I paid for this thing. This is a miniscule 0.75AMP compared to 3.0AMP for the SC-300A. Both come with the same 3 connectors."
"For many, many years I used the Battery Tender Jr. on all my stored batteries with no problems. The light is either green or red. No light indicates either a bad connection or the tender is dead, in which case you chuck it and buy a new one. But last year my garage went up in flames. The cause, determined by investigations from the local fire captain, fire marshal and a private investigator hired by my insurance company, was a Battery Tender Jr. (the only thing plugged in and operating in the garage). It was plugged into my lawn tractor.I'm not sure how old the tender was that caused the fire but on Thursday evening the light was green indicating it was working properly. Less than 36 hrs later it had malfunctioned and apparently overheated enough to ignite the wall behind it. Another reviewer commented, his became so hot it melted the case. He was very lucky! Could it happen with other brands, I don't know and don't want to find out, but this is my personal experience. I'm going to try another name brand tender now."
"The battery is brand new and barely used.  I bought a battery tender to keep the battery charged, because of the lack of use.  The Battery Tender Jr topped off the charge within 15 to 30 minutes the first 4 times I used the tender.  Then the fifth time, the tender charge light stayed red.  I phoned Deltran to discuss.  The first person interrupted my first sentence to tell me it takes up to 72 hours to charge.  I tried to tell her how I don't use the battery, and about the 4 previous charges taking only minutes, and suddenly #5 was different, but she kept innterrupting me to lecture me that I had to let her finish talking.  No clue how she could provide usable information, since she didn't let me explain what has happened.  After she went on lecturing excessively about letting her talk, I finally asked for another technician, who was excellent.  I did a couple tests with her on the phone, and, while the indicator light passed the functionality test, it stayed red when connected to the battery.  One thing I learned was that, after two hours, the charger should have been hot, and it was only warm to the touch.--Later:  My brother tested the charger, and it is not giving power.  Battery is fine.  Amz's return policy expired two months after the purchase, so I emailed Deltran to see about getting it replaced.  Haven't heard back yet."
"Probably a good filter but didn't fit the application. Amazon made it right, but be sure this fits your car before buying."
"Havent had the need for it just yet,but took it out of the package to look at.I really dont think this will fit my needs in preventing ice & snow on the winshield.Not flexible enough to lay flat against the winshield.Might work ok as a sun shade inside though."
"I have a full size sedan and this windshield cover was too small. It also tended to &#34;ride up&#34; the window and not keep the wipers covered."
"Bought one from Amazon warehouse that came with the lower tool tray cracked where the front wheels bolt on, obviously a customer return. But still, bad design (easy to over tighten bolts and snap the plastic). Want to like this little seat, but it's so cheap and I doubt I will pass it down to my kids. You have to view this item as a ""good deal"" and run with it; you're not buying this item for the quality.PROS:Size, nice and compact but enough to save your knees/backPrice $21 amazon warehouseLooks cool, adds character to your shop/garageCONS:Quality not very goodDurability, plastic tool tray is very thin no doubt will one day shatter to pieces"
"The whole thing is made of plastic, so if you over tighten even the tiniest bit, you strip the plastic threads and you end with with a handful of plastic pieces that can no longer be secured to the hood of your car.It's a very fine balance between loose, snug, and too tight with this kit.  I was screwing the star nut by hand to tighten down the nozzle to the hood. I could feel the nut just getting a bit snug when all of a sudden the little resistance I was feeling went to nothing and then I realized that the plastic threads in the plastic screw had stripped out of the plastic nut.  So the left wiper nozzle now freely moves around the hood of my car despite trying to glue it down and use electrical tape to keep it one spot.  Very annoying since I barely put any significant amount of pressure on the nut."
"Ok I think this is way overpriced for the product you buying, it's defiantly overpriced, and it's basically just a bag and it's not attachable to nothing so yes you can place your locking Kay in there but where can you place it if it's not attachable to nothing"
"2000 BMW 323i 5 speed transmission went rought instead of SMOOTH as the product claim.I flushed it 2 months after and it was dark black and smelled like VERY OLD TRANSMISSION OIL.Refilled with Royal Purple.Dont like redline."
"After reading such rave reviews everywhere, I decided to change my manual trans oil in my Mazda 3 to the Red Line. I changed it at approximately 50k miles. Unfortunately, I'm not happy with the results at all.The main reason I decided to change to Red Line it was because I had read it was supposed to do better in cold weather than the stock oil and I figured 50k was a reasonable time to change it (yes, earlier than manual recommends). The stock oil was very stiff to shift with when the temps got into the teens and below, but shifted fine for the most part when warmed up or in warm weather. Now that I've put the Red Line in, shifting is frustrating and notch-y at all times. It can be difficult to get into first and second gears. Warm up doesn't smooth it out. It is indeed less stiff in the cold, but at the cost of poor shifting the rest of the time.It's been almost 5 months now, and I REALLY wish i didn't change to this oil. I'm thinking I'll end up switching to something else (or back to whatever was stock) this summer. So much for &#34;Improved shiftability&#34; and &#34;Helps prevent hard shifting.&#34; Wish I could share in ever one else's success."
"I have been using mobil 1 1- 30 in my ax15 5 speed manual trans yj and it worked fine, but everyone said this is the stuff to use.  I switched to it, and now the shifter is harder to engage, needs to go into first to get into reverse, just not as good as the mobil 1 and more expensive."
"Had Redline MT90 transmission fluid in my 2008 Mazdaspeed3 for about 1200 miles.  Although Redline was recommended on some online forums, it did not work well for me when shifting from 1st to 2nd gear until the car was warmed up. If the temperature where you live is always above 50 degrees Redline would probably be fine in this vehicle.  Anyway, I replace the Redline fluid with Ford XT-M5-QS fluid and that has solved my problem. All shifts feel buttery smooth and the car is a pleasure to drive again."
"$14 a quart now for ATF? Amazon has to keep the price at $10.49 per bottle. Otherwise there is no point in buying it from amazon. Local auto-racing stores sell it for $10.49.As for performance I did 3 drain and refills on my car, I have not seen any difference in shifting. The fluid gets dark very fast (after driving a few miles), unlike some other ATFs."
"supposed to slip in.. well you gotta smash it in and am scared to try it with my trailer hitch lights.wanna see if I can return it"
"This adapter works for certain functions, such as the brakes lights and turn signals.  It is missing the center pin ground needed for the running lights to work.  I purchased another manufacturer's unit elsewhere, and the system now works fine.  This is a cheap, inadequate part."
"I replaced my Honda Fit horn with this disappointment. All the reviewers that said this is not loud were correct.It sounds like the stock horn. This was a waste of time and money."
"Sounded better than the OEM horn on my bike, but it only worked for a little over a year, then croaked."
"""El Grande"" translates to ""The Largest"".  Hopefully Fiamm isn't a woman-owned company, otherwise they've been living their lives full of disappointment.Want to get the attention of other drivers?  Don't install the horns.  Instead, keep them in your glove box and simply throw them at the car of the driver who pissed you off.Fiamm should have used a room full of bitchy ex wives as their design target."
"I bought this to spray colored stain but tried it out with oil based enamel paint first.  Had to thin the enamel (rustoleum) 30-40% before it would spray properly.  Yes, this works with thin materials close to the viscosity of water.  Good finish, minimal overspray, easy application.  Next I tried a latex stain.  Even after it was thinned 50-60% it would not spray well.  Totally useless for this material.  Water clean up required a lot of scrubbing because the paint that gets in the air passages ends up being blow dried.  I'm glad I have less than $55 into mine because its not worth the retail price.  Buy spray cans instead, no clean up and less expensive."
"If u buy this unit, for your own sake, only use water clean up material, because you will be doin a lot of it.  Unlike my othe HVLP system I use for Urathanes and fine finish, this unit gets material  EVERYWHERE and mostly where you DON'T  WANT IT........."
"Performs nothing like what it advertises. It is very weak, and easily oversprays an area. If you use it indoors make sure you have EVERY other thing covered. If you don't, almost everything will be sprinkled with paint. I found this out and had to stop and do the paint job by hand. So I basically have it stored away forever now, never to be used again. I fully disagree with the High volume Low pressure that the product claims, as the volume it outputs is actually very low and ""sprinkly"" rather than a good solid ""wall of paint"" like those cheap spray paints in a can. You are better off using a paintbrush or roller, faster and better control."
"K&N Filters are some of the best I have ever used but there is a major problem with the description. It states this filer will work on a 2003 FLHTCUI, Ultra Classic Electra Glide. It does not. I bought 4 of these thinking they did due to the description saying it would work on my bike. I went thru two filters thinking the first one was defective. I the bought and changed out the oil filter housing, thinking it went bad, and installed a third one. It still leaked badly after taking it for a ride. I finally looked on another site and saw this would not work for my bike, the KN-170 works but not the KN171. The only reason I'm giving it two stars is due to the incorrect description. It ended up costing me a lot of money ( $49.84 for 4 filters and $65.00 for the parts) and a lot of hours changing out a unneeded part. This is the first time I have been let down by Amazon with a incorrect description. It took me to long to do all of the changing out of parts to get any refunds so $114.84 thrown out the window, about 6 hours in labor and the frustration of it all!!"
"After 200-300 miles i realized i had a leak from under my SV1000S. after investigation it was the o-ring that was dry rotted. no telling how long this thing sat on the shelf before it was sent to me. I guess this is a problem that could have happened when buying it from a local store but nonetheless frustrating"
"These filters now come from Korea/China, etc. They are no longer USA made. I have read on some forums that when the manufacturing moved overseas that the filtration percentage has also decreased. For the price they are charging, it doesn't seem worth it anymore. I usually stick with OEM filters, which is what I did for my VFR. Yes, the 17mm nut is nice, but I'm not going to spend more and risk filtration for ease of install."
"You'll notice that all the five star reviews go back a couple of years when this bag was obviously made of nylon/canvas and was a quality product.  Since then, the manufacturer has changed it into a cheap piece of plastic material that looks for all the world like a large, and admittedly reinforced, Hefty bag.  It's plastic inside and out with some type of reinforcing fiber woven through it.  Feels like it's about 6-7mil thick.  The accompanying warnings about adding a down piece to your tailpipe should be well heeded because even with the exhaust 7-8 inches away, it will melt this product.Speaking of melting, I have serious doubts about the durability of this product in extreme cold - it will either become too stiff to work with or crack, neither a desirable outcome.  About the only good thing I can say is that it is obviously waterproof with a good zipper system built into it.  Unfortunately, I had to keep it because I actually took it out of the box, thinking that maybe the inside was canvas and they had moved the plastic coating to the outside for better weather protection.  Well, once it's out of the box and opened, I  defy any normal human to roll it back up to the size to fit back in the box!Oh, and the picture of the box it came in is not representative of what is inside the box.  So, Amazon is simply using the advertising literature provided by the manufacturer although they should still remove it from their inventory (or sell it for the $25 it's obviously worth).  Find yourself a higher quality product that will last for more than a few trips and if it costs a little more, in the end it will be worth it.  Unfortunately for me, this is one of the very few products that is the correct size for my rear hitch carrier.Late edit:While the product remains questionable, Amazon came through in their typical customer oriented fashion and made it good with me.  They also promised to look into the issues with the item and delete it from their inventory if appropriate."
"Some months ago there was a review here where a Tacoma 2.7L owner talked about Purolator filters being too restrictive causing excessive valve noise and possibly contributing to the early demise of his engine. I don't know where that review went but having used Wix or Purolator filters exclusively on my 2008 Tacoma I have noticed occasions where it was exceptionally valvey sounding though I did not equate it with a particular oil filter being on it. On my last oil change I replaced the Purolator that was on there with a Toyota filter, and used the same weight Mobil 1 oil that I always use, and the valve noise went away! I realize now that our old Corolla went through periods where I thought the valve noise was excessive too and it was probably when I had a Purolator on it. I hate to say this about Purolators, because I have always considered them to be fantastic filters, but maybe they don't play well with Toyotas. I am going to stick with Toyota filters from now on.Edit: I finally found the other review I had seen and it was posted to the Purolator PL14476 (which is the Corolla filter) instead of this one as I had thought. Now there are 2 reviews there talking about the same issue."
"Pure One oil filters are grossly over hyped; I'm not saying their bad filters, but there is much better for the same price. I prefer Mann or Mahle oil filters, both made in Europe. The canister is 100% heavier than Pure Ones and I like that their not available everywhere, and are intended as an OEM part. Don't purchase Fram oil filters, they fail often and are very poorly manufactured. Wix is also good product. Fram = Fail.Maybe anything but Fram would be the best advice."
"Pure One oil filters are grossly over hyped; I'm not saying their bad filters, but there is much better for the same price. I prefer Mann or Mahle oil filters, both made in Europe. The canister is 100% heavier than Pure Ones and I like that their not available everywhere, and are intended as an OEM part. Don't purchase Fram oil filters, they fail often and are very poorly manufactured. Wix is also good product. Fram = Fail.Fram is another way of calling something a failure."
"Filter is one of the best, price is one of the worst in the market.When you can get one of these for 5.38 at KMart why would you even want to buy it from amazon?I do not."
"Pure One oil filters are grossly over hyped; I'm not saying their bad filters, but there is much better for the same price. I prefer Mann or Mahle oil filters, both made in Europe. The canister is 100% heavier than Pure Ones and I like that their not available everywhere, like an automotive McDonalds Big Mac, and are intended as an OEM part. Don't purchase Fram oil filters, they fail often and are very poorly manufactured. Wix is also good product. Fram = Fail."
"Purchased July 2013, used for 7,500 miles and carefully cut open with a longacre tool, the media had a tear at the attachment of a pleat to the end cap.I have pics but curiously neither the page nor the reviews allows pictures to be uploaded. Take a look over on BITOG forum for pictures. Since most filters are thrown away uncut, most people will never know about this problem. I guess I could make a video but I'm done with Purolator for a few decades, why waste my time."
"I'm not sure what I was expecting when I ordered these license plate shields. I ordered two Nouveau frames to go along with them, but paired together they didn't live up to my expectations. My license plates stuck out slightly around the edges, and I just wasn't digging the look. I gave these to a friend, who seemed more than happy with them. To each his own... these just aren't for me."
"warning: results may vary.  Especially if you don't fix the crack immediately.Both of my cars got windshield cracks.  One had a long crack from the right side to the middel of the glass.The other is more recent and had a crack no more than 1"" in diameter.Since the crack, I've had to wash the car, use the windshield fluid, driving for a about 2 months, before I bought this kit and attempted the repair.The result is not good.  It is just about as visible as it was before the repair.I've done it step by step to the instructions given but I think the pressure to inject the epoxy into the crack is not enough pressure so it doesn't really get into the gaps.I then used the remaining liquid epoxy to repair the other long crack and to no surprise, it did little improvement to the long crack.I am not saying it's not a good product (it's even patented with patent number printed on the blister pack).But buyer be warned.  And repair any crack ASAP without washing the car or driving under dusty conditions.I even cleaned the crack area with cleaner spray for my Mac computer.  It as good as you can get, but still not good enough because dirt has already gotten into the gaps (I think.)Good luck on your repair and remember: time is of the essence."
"I bought these mainly because they were cheap and sometimes passengers have difficulty climbing into my TJ, however once installed they looked totally ridiculous on the roll bars. They are huge, look very out of place. Quality of the product seems decent, its just the appearance of it on the vehicle I don`t like"
"I was very disappointed with this product. I purchase this product based on the great reviews here. It says on the label it is a industrial and machinery cleaner. I am rebuilding a mobility scooter so i wanted to clean the grease out of the transmission. After draining the oil out of the transmission and dissembling it I soak the cases all night, tried different mixtures and it did absolutely nothing. Dawn dish washing liquid did a better job then this product. the residue justs smears but this chemical didn't dissolve any of the grease or stains. I won't purchase again that is for sure.."
"I bought a pair one year ago based on the good reviews. It is cheaply made and does not stay in place. The straps are poor quality they do not fit easily and the tension has already tore one of the straps up completely rendering it useless. So I am left with one only. The picture is misleading and there is no way it will look like that . Most probably it will be something that  repeatedly piles up at your back and at every red light you will battle to relocate it. The only positive thing about it is that it is comfortable if you manage to keep it at place. I have already started looking for alternatives, don't buy"
"Product looks good.  Padding a bit thin.  Elastic strap securing the vertical (back of cushion) stretches easily but loses it's elasticity very quickly therefore allows the back to move far too much.  The seat of the cushion has four very thin hold-down straps that depend on tiny plastic hooks to secure it in place. Seat cushion constantly comes loose.  These hooks are so small they barely are able to grip the car seat base/plastic surround. With a more robust securing system this would be an adequate product.  In it's present form, keep looking.The 5 star reviews snookered me into this purchase.  I'm glad the product worked for these reviewers but it failed miserably when used on a BMW seat."
"Rubber is way to soft they all 4 tore within three days. Need to be made of neopreme or something stronger. won't buy again"
"My screen door is metal insert and this closure kit will not work to close it without major modifications. Cannot recommend. The manufacturer could be clearer as to where and how this works because I see a lot of RVs where I live where this type of device is useless and people waste money buying it."
"Kit did not work the way I thought it would.  Had a hard time keeping the spring attached either to the door or RV body.  Spring is so strong that it kept pulling the screws out of the door or RV body.  Would not use this item.  I ended up not using is at all.Would not recommend this kit....................."
"Although I consider myself reasonably, handy, I could never find a way to install this screen door closure kit on my Winnebago-Itasca motorhome.  None of the examples cited in the instructions would apply to my screen door.  Fortunately, I had less than six bucks invested, so it was no great loss to throw the kit away."
"2 of these were purchased and one arrived damaged. However, they were so flimsy that I decided these were not the solution to placing some sort of grille on the RV screen doors. Whoever makes these should be ashamed because it is a rip off and Amazon should not sell them!"
"This level indicator works great on cool days (65-80 degrees, outside).  I use it on the a-frame of my 34 foot trailer.  On hot days, the water inside the level expands to such a degree that the bubble is no longer present.  When I first experienced this, I thought all the liquid had leaked out.  The next morning, when it was cool outside, the bubble had miraculously reappeared!  As a result, I cannot depend on this level to keep my trailer level.  It might work if I had not permanently installed it on the A-frame (kept it cool until I needed to use it) but, being exposed to the hot Utah temperatures makes this level undependable."
"would not stay in place. ever one who used it pushed it the wrong way & had to be reset each time it was used. better off with out it...."
"If your thinking about getting this device take a look at the Camco screen door cross bar instead.This is a pain in the **s to install and wears quite easily"
"I found out by accident that on my RV, you can simply push down on the round ""handle"" that is on the slider, and that will open the door. So at least for my RV ( 2012 Keystone Springdale TT ) this device is not needed. You might want to try it on yours too. This was not in any manual that came with my RV, but it is clearly designed to work this way. The slider is spring loaded in the vertical dimension."
"OK...this seems like a good idea; however, the instructions call for a 9/16 drill bit.  Good luck finding that.  I have several bit sets and none of them had this size.  Home Depot said the could 'special order' it!  Obviously it would have made much more sense to have an installation that used readily available tools. One could spend more on the installation material (aka unusual sized drill bit) than on the actual product."
"These looked descent when put up in my travel trailer but where on the floor the next day ... then on the floor the day after. the double sided tape sucks on these and needs a more heavy duty industrial type hold double sided tape.When put up you can see the white double sided tape form the side and it looks a bit ugly.Not impressed at all and bought different organizers from camping world that look WAY better and hold perfectly and are flush.Was past my 30 days return so I sold these on eBay for a few bucks ... lost 90% of my original purchase price!I would never buy these again.But all depending on the surface and for the price I guess they would okay for some if they would hold.Not for me and my trailer though."
"Purchased 3. Good idea and worked for about 2-3 weeks then I opened up my RV one day to find them on the ground. Double sided tape is a major flaw. I only had 2 DVD's in one and other 2 empty so should of held up. I did everything like clean the wall prior to installing but still can't expect a thin piece of tape to hold it for to long. Another thing is you can see the white foam tape on the sides after attaching which looks poor. I didn't give up though...I mounted them with small brass L brackets and screws now and no more issues."
"This would be a great idea if it actually wasn't too tall to fit inside our camper cabinets.  I measured this before ordering and thought it would fit.  But you really can't judge how your knives will fit in it from the description.  Most of our knives were too thick at the handle or too wide at the blade to sit down inside it fully.  Therefore they would stick up too high and would prevent the cabinet door from closing.  It was a waste and I didn't use it.I recommend instead buying a full knife set with holder and overall product dimensions, and doing some thoughtful measuring."
"We started with this one but were loathe to drill into the door to secure it.  We tried double sided tape but the plastic was warped and curved and would not stay.  This product is cheap (in every sense).  It does not hold that many bags and is a bit of a pain to use since it does not hold that much and you really have to push and pull to get the bags in and out.  We replaced it with a metal version that hangs over the top of the door and is working much better."
"doesn't hang very secure to under sink door, even when I gently put bag in or out I have to hold it with my other hand worried it will come apart"
"Would I buy this again NO. Here's why . I missed it but no where do they say these are Sheep skin. I may be wrong but suspect this one I got is domestic goat skin. A smaller one I bought I have no doubt is Pig Skin. Since they are made in China this has made me really compare and check them closely, since most Chinese products are inferior quality.  First the package has 4 LARGE STAPLES that go through the skin Every layer) and if you don't open these CAREFULLY you will tear it, since they double back on themselves. Some reviewers report holes developing when used and I can believe that.  Second no where does this company say it is lamb or sheep skin, which leads me to believe it probably is pig or domestic goat skin, or horse hide. Is it going to scratch my new cars paint or hold up long? Good question. I also bought the 2 foot one and have no doubt it's not sheep or lambs skin. I'll review it later and probably will never use it on my car paint since I fear it will scratch the new Clear Coat paint. The 5 foot one is thin enough and buffed fairly well, so its soft.  But I have the ACME Brand made in Turkey also (same sizes) and those have instructions to wash with a mild soap to remove excess cod oil before using, (that's normal) and when you do you will see the excess oil. (I use mild bar hand soap) These Detailer's Choice ones don't tell you that and if you compare them you can see a difference in the amount of oil used when looking at them unwashed. (AS an aside the Chinese made chamois have had import restrictions place on them in Europe due to the inferior quality, deceptive advertising, etc. But not those from Turkey) Both of the Detailer's Choice leather skins are cut nice and rectangular, which shows they come from a large skin. Now I don't often write negative reviews but check what I'm saying by researching on the net . If I had done that first I would never have bought these. Yes I could return them but after deducting the return fee and shipping it isn't worth it. I think of this mistake as a lesson learned and would not recommend these nor buy them again. Other negative reviews are probably right on the mark.ADDENDUM:  After writing this review while showing these to my wife I laid them on a dark bedspread.  MISTAKE; since they left a ton of hide lint behind on it, (had to vacuum). So I washed them with hand soap and water in a sink and couldn't believe the amount of hide lint in the water. Washed them twice then rinsed them three times and was still getting a large amount of hide lint coming off. My wife saw that and said,""No way are you using those on my car.""  Haaa So my next step is to hang them out side after drying and use a water hose to try and stop the lint problem. I'm 69 years old and have used both synthetic and natural Chamois for years and have never seen anything to match this. With that much lint coming off no way to wax after use. Another negative reviewer rated them as a POS and believe he has that right. Never would buy again nor recommend to anyone. Hope this helps someone not to make a mistake."
"This chamois is very thin and will not last long.  I purchased same item two months ago and is falling apart. After purchasing again realized this chamois is too thin and will not hold up with repeated usage."
"Purchased this for my garage, but was disappointed.  The title says this is a smart charger, but it is actually just a big linear charger.  Worse, this charger never shuts off, so you cannot leave it connected for long periods of time. So I took one star off for bad description, and one star for charger not being turning off.  The build quality is rather cheap, so i took another star off for that.  Overall, not for me.  I will be sending this unit back."
"At least my car was in the driveway when it decided not to start so it wasnt too bad. I am now searching on amazon for one with higher than 400 power.It would not start my six cylinder engine on my crossfire. I think it will be ok in the other vehicles that have four cylinders. No way this would ever start a V8. It was fully charged just not enough oomph. The K&K; models look interesting but I am not excited about having to tend them while they are charged to prevent damage. Unit does work well for powering less taxing things though and the pump works well, just wont start your car if you have a six cylinder or up.In the end just used them for mobile compressor to air up tires until they all diedHope this helps."
"Amazon really needs to check some of their cross reference charts. This does not it a 2011 Kia LX Sorento."
"so happy to receive it sooner than I thought. got very disappointed with all missing stuff in the box. manual etc."
"Try unit out when I first bought it. Everything seem ok. Did not use for a month and then when I try it again, background light no longer works. Only used it once prior to light burning out. Too late to return unit with incurring shipping cost."
"I give it 2 stars because of the following:1) it sticks out by about 4 inches from the dash, so its very ackward to leave it in the dash2) it will stay on even when the car is completely turned off3) I called the manufacture and asked them the current draw, they searched and could not tell meSo based on the above points, i have to give it a 2 star. I don't feel comfortable leaving it plugged in all the time as it might drain my battery. But if you want to use it as a tester from time to time, it will work very well."
"First of all, the unit shows you voltage with a total of 4 digits.Second, once the car is started, you get a circluing arrow in the left top corner of the display, indicating that a charge is occurring. However, this is a static icon, it does not rotate as at least I would have except.You also get a bar on the right side of the display showing the battery charge level and a 3-light indication at the bottom. And in case you should forget I guess, they even added a little battery icon in the display.However, I seriously question the accuracy of these units (this is the second one).When plugged in (my van has multiple outlets, I check on 4 of them), the unit shows 11.4 Volts and a red light. Wow, never had an issue with my battery nor charging system. Started the car (which it did fine), unit showed 14.8 Volts. Really!I went to the shop and had everything checked. My high-output alternator (120 amps) was working above manufacturer's specs; my 1000 cold cranking amp battery is in excellent condition.I exchange the unit, the replacement showed the same odd numbers. Now, the manual you can download from Equus (wich does not come with the unit) states issues like that there could be dirty battery terminals etc. etc. I had the shop check the voltage on my cigarette lighter which a regular voltmeter and it showed completely different numbers.We even hooked up the car charger which went into float charging (meaning battery is full) within 2 minutes.The only reason to have this monitor would be to, well, monitor your battery. For this you need accurate readings, and I can not see these on this unit."
"INNOVA 3030 Diagnostic Code Reader for OBDII Vehiclesi purchased this product last month and i don't know why. it reads your on-board computer alright. but if you want a detail report of a problem you might be having with your check engine light on, they charge you a fee for a complete detail report.AUTOZONE,ADVANCEAUTO AND CARQUEST will test your vehicle free of charge and will provide you with a detail report for free.the fleecing of america continues by online companies.AMAZON, SHAME OF YOU !!!!!!!!"
"I'm surprised so many people give this high marks. To me it seems like nothing but a come on to get you to buy a $20/month website service with which to interpret the readings."
"Battery test lights quit working after after two or three times using it.Don't waste your $$"
"I am NOT impressed with this multimeter.  The controlls are NOT intuitive to anyone who is used to using multimeters.  The battery check function is just a gimmick.  I am NOT comfortable with a meter that ALWAYS shows a reading even when not connected to anything...."
"Ok yes I know this should keep everything in place and tight but doesn't look very tight and it has lots of play in it not my time"
"My petite wife, stands at 5'3"", in her 50s, cut through the top portion (the ""hardened steel"") portion of the lock in 75 minutes with a HAND SAW blade.  Imagine what a power tool would have done through this lock.I can't recommend it."
"I just got two of these for my avalanch. They are very load and easy to hook up and mount. I had to come back  and edit my review because one has blown out and the other one sounds funny w/o both working. I just ordered new horns and try to mount in a different spot. I was unaware you can Not mount these in oem position,evedently they are not water proof, soo, i will be replacing with different horns."
"I bought this to do some revival on some plastics.  I actually wrote a small article in a DIY Forum for Ram trucks.  It looked good at first but 3 months later all the black has come off.This doesn't seem to truely be a dye, more of a paint on color.  I cleaned and prepped everything well and don't believe that to be the issue."
"I followed the instructions to the ""T"" on my '10 Wrangler. I let it dry 3-4 hours between three coats. The first time it rained, the ""finish"" spotted up, and looked terrible. VERY Disappointed."
"I bought this for the wrong Jeep so I returned it anyway, but it seemed very flimsy to me. A screwdriver could easily get this mechanism open."
"I used this is a 2008 Freightliner with a Detroit engine. The engine was in good shape but I just had to try it. It did nothing. Snake oil I tell ya. Pure Snake oil."
"I am disappointed on how well you can see through it. I bought it thinking it was mirrored, to be used as a sunblocker. This one is too see-through for my tastes. I had an AGV helmet with a mirrored faceshield that was really like a mirror.**update after 1 month. The silverplating spotted up and rubbed off after a rainstorm ---I have never used anything but water to clean it. Very diappointed."
"To start off, I bought this product from Amazon, and then replaced it with ""another"" unit, then replaced ""another"" with ""another of another"" unit.I was excited about all the features on this product as they fit my needs, and at a very reasonable price. I need a unit to take on camping/long distance trips, to keep in car for emergency, to pump bikes and air beds, and of course to have as spare power for laptops and charging other small devices like cell phones and smart phones. (Such a nice thought to go to a park and bring my laptop with this unit and work on a picnic table under a tree for entire afternoon!) So it's perfect but was initially hesitant after reading many reviewers having to replace / return their defective units due to battery. And this isn't just Wagan, but Duracell and other units with built-in power storage.First one came. The unit was not flat on the bottom so it wobbled. Charged around the 34 hours max.  I was most eager to see how long it can keep my laptop running. To much my disappointment, my laptop ran for 25 minutes before the first couple of beeps, and then 35 minutes before beeping (low voltage) becomes continuous and therefore unbearable. Granted it could've been my power-hungry Thinkpad W510 - the one that uses 135W transformer. However I had another inverter that basically indicates constant use of 65 watts from the laptop, so 30 or so minutes is totally unacceptable. The unit was still able to run the compressor, and can run my car vacuum cleaner with DC adapter for another 20-30 minutes continuously after inverter stop providing AC power to my laptop.I pretty much decided the unit I got has a weak battery based just on the frequency of the reviews, so I requested exchange with Amazon. Amazon sent out a second one and I returned the first without extra charge. This second unit also isn't flat on the bottom and wobbled on hard and flat surface! After equal amount of charging time as before (34 hours), I tested this replacement unit with my laptop again. This time, I got 90 minutes of power before it started to beep!  That was acceptable. Few days later I used the compressor to pump up my bike. Guess what? The compressor gauge wasn't working! It showed zero while my tire was rock hard. I was debating whether to keep it since I was afraid that the next replacement will have weak/bad battery again. At the end I just don't think it was safe to pump while blindly guessing at the pressure, or keep swapping with a pressure tester.Called Amazon again. The customer rep understood the risks with gauge not working. So she shipped me yet another one. This time, the battery is just as good as the second unit (around 90 minutes of power to my laptop), and compressor gauge worked like it should. All's good!  But then I noticed this unit also WOBBLES! What's with the engineering or with the assembly or case warping?  This third unit wobbles less than the first two so at this point I just thank God.I then tested the USB charger. It worked, but it required turning on of the inverter switch, which therefore kicks up the internal fan. That's a bit ridiculous to run the fan while charging a USB device. I bet the fan takes more power than the phone I was charging, and then the power loss with the inverter!The flash light works and it's not overly bright but acceptable depending what your situation maybe in the dark. I haven't test the jumper cable yet and didn't need to. Cross my fingers that *will* work as it should. At this point, I'm beginning to think the odds are pretty even!The funny thing is all 3 units have a little gold oval sticker saying ""QC Passed"". I wonder who they hired to do the quality control, or what was done before putting on the sticker? On second thought, I don't want to know...The bottom line for me is if it works, it's very useful and a great all-in-one unit with balance of features I wanted. 5 Stars for Amazon's handling, 4 Stars for my third and working unit, -5 Stars for Wagan's (outsourced?) QC department. 3 Stars overall because I have the patience, and a sense of humor to laugh at this whole process.*UPDATE* I finally got a chance to use the car jumper twice. Both on V6 engines. With positive on battery terminal and negative on chasis, it took 2 - 3 cranks. The cars started, but the engines ""reluctantly"" started which leads me to believe this battery is not the strongest.*UPDATE 2* Finally got a situation where a minivan had battery with low crank (AAA reported 136 cranking amps out of 600 for the battery). This Wagan, at 13V, could not start the car.  The AAA tow guy with his smaller-than-this-Wagan jump starter started with one crank. He said it needs to be at 15V to have a shot. This mean I must keep this jumpstarter battery real full and ready to go all the time. However because this product does not automatically stop charging when full, then it's becoming a jumpstarter that is only useful when the car's battery is not in a weak state. I still need to keep my AAA membership."
"I own a previous version of this jump starter. My was made by UST and not Wagan. The exterior is identical to my unit so I assume it is made by the same manufacturer. I normally recharge it every two months even if I have not used it to maintain a full charge for when I need to jump start a car. I forgot to charge it for about 5 months and the unit is completely dead. I have try to charge it but when you press the battery status button, you can see the voltage just keep dropping. I have try to recharge it several times and I think the battery is completely dead. The charger adapter is also dead. I measure the output voltage and it measures a little over 3 volts. I take special care of my adapters so I do not damage the wires. This unit was only used several times to add air to several tires. It has not been used to jump start. Overall very bad quality.I also have a Vector unit which is now Black and Decker and it also was not charged for 5 months. This unit still had two red lights which indicate it was in good condition. I recharge it for several hours and it came back with full power. I also own Jump and Carry JNC660 jump starter. This is a professional unit with 1700 peak amps. It can hold a charge for months and still show plenty of power. This unit is the best but expensive ($130). This unit can jump start big engines and completely dead batteries.One other general comment for those people out there assessing which jump starter to buy. These lower cost, lower peak amp starters are only good for cars that has a weak battery (i.e. as engine is slow to crank over). If your battery is dead where the engine cannot even slowly crank over, these starter will not have enough power to start your car so do not blame the jump starter as low quality. I see such comments in other reviews. For a completely dead battery, you need a more powerful jump starter such as JNC660. I have the same problem with my Vector starter which has only 300 peak amps. It also would not start a completely dead battery. That was the reason I bought the JNC660 and carry it in which ever car we own that has the oldest battery. I need to buy another jump starter (I keep one in each car) and am thinking of buying JNC300XL which claims to have 900 peak amp and is about half the price of JNC660. The reviews seem very good and is made by the same company."
"Customer service is extremely slow.  My product started failing to take a charge, we contacted the company in june - it took them 6 days to get back to me - plus i had to chase them down by voice after emailing their cs dept failed to get any response (per the website).  Then they promised to email the rma instructions -- which took several days -- but they sent the wrong ones (sent retailer instructions).... when i responded that the instructions made no sense - they finally sent the correct instructions.  while waiting for their emails my husband tested the adaptor w/ a multi meter to find out it was just the adaptor that was failed (and since they expected us to pay to ship the whole unit back we didn't want to pay to send back the whole thing) -- i requested if i could just send the adaptor -- (btw - their emails are also full of spelling errors and they could not get my name right),  it took THREE emails to explain to CS what an adaptor was... ! ... then 7 more for them to promise to send one...  that was july 7.  2 days ago i still had not received the adaptor - so emailed once again asking where it was... was told 'sorry it's being mailed today' .... this product is used the most during the summer for us - we use it camping and at the drive-in, picnics etc etc  -- and we have had no ability to use it (cause we cant charge it) for all summer... then after they promised to ship the part a month ago i find out today not only was it not shipped at all - it was sent snail mail today from California (across country to VA) after i asked them and 'reminded' them -- so the likelihood of us getting this time for our next use requirement (this weekend) is highly unlikely.finally - its sold as having a compressor capable of inflating truck tires -- it does not. it does not create enough pressure to inflate our 17"" truck or rv tires..  (we had to buy another dedicated compressor for them)A company is only as good as its customer service - and they have failed at every point for theirs.  not to mention a simple power adaptor should last more than 6 months.  the item is useless if you can't charge it.  I cannot recommend this product."
"Outa of box,  pleanty of power to fill my dirt bike low tires,  and also jump start  on a cold day my honda 450x battery, i had battery pigtails  on bike all ready  for  battery tender charger, the fesature of  cross polarity  a plus ! good package  and beats  the harbor fright model,  and  added bonus of inverter cvharger  for  camping. The DOWN side the radio is  very very cheesy, dial is off on settings, the sounds  sounds  like a radio from 1964, Havent used the  jump start yet, i will today ,"
"The cover ripped after just 6 months, in the back section right where my license plate is. Despite the holes, it still holds up and fits my SV perfectly. I have the blue cover and it definitely does not look like the picture anymore. With the intense sun we had this summer, it faded pretty quickly. Not sure if I want to buy another one at this point or keep shopping around for a more durable one."
"I needed a cover for my bike that I park outside, this cover is made to cover your bike inside to keep the dust off. very thin don't think it would make it a full year outside so I got a heavy duty one. I use this one for a dust cover on my tool box."
"I previously had the Nelson-Rigg and it was a lot better quality. Perhaps it was the Falcon an not the deluxe. In any case, this seemed like cheap plastic to me and the fit was a bit tight.I had purchased the XL for a Boulevard C50 with windshield (the smaller one) and saddlebags and it was a really tight fit.I returned it (thanks Amazon) and purchased the Falcon 2000 in the XXL. Hopefully that works better."
"First time bike left in rain this cover leaked! Bike was soaking wet! Do not purchase this cover! I Just purchased the heavy duty one at twice the price will see how that one does."
"Did not work for me, I needed a rest that will adjust back toward me, Kept them on a few weeks but took them off, unless you have really long legs They won't work."
"Lazy As. Husband wouldn't put it on Kawasaki bike, have cruise control on Harley Davidson Full Dream Dresser !!! So i don't know what to do with it."
"Not happy with this companies very poor quality. 3rd charger from Amazon and this one was a replacement after the first two stopped working after only one week. First charger was getting very hot and fan stopped working a few days after it arrived and only used 3-4 times. So I asked for a replacement from Amazon and upgraded from the 2,6,12 amp model to the 3,6,15 amp Ship to Shore thinking it might be better since it was $12 more but I was wrong. The first Ship to Shore fan started making a lot of noise and then would stay on even when battery was done charging. Then it just stopped working. When connected to half dead batteries it would read fully charged at 100% but wasn't charged at all and used my 20 year old charger back up to finish the job. Now on my second Ship to Shore and that makes three Schumacher chargers in one month. This one right out of the box the cooling fan is not working at all. From my previous experience these chargers microprocessor needs to be cooled or it will overheat ruining the charger. Stay Away from this companies microprocessor controlled chargers...They are JUNK!Notice that the price jumps around on Amazon. I purchase this Charger for $52 and now a couple of weeks later it's over $60. Don't waste your hard earned Money!"
"So after reading the great reviews here I bought this item at Wal-Mart and took it home to charge my deep cycle marine batteries.Worked fine for about an hour, then I noticed that it seemed to be stalled at 85% charge.  I did some more internet reading and discovered that this is a common problem with this unit, the readout stalls at a given percentage and never changes unless you unhook it and rehook it to the battery.  I did that and instantly the readout changed to 100%.So now I know for a fact I can never trust my brand new charger to tell me when it's done charging.And worse, despite being 100% charged the unit never switched over to trickle charge.  So despite being billed as a ""smart"" charger it's just a normal full power charger that will boil your battery dry if you leave it hooked up too long.  Why spend $45 on something that a $10 charger will do?Not only is it junk, the packaging is a complete lie as well.  Now I know and you can bet your sweet cajones I'll never buy a Schumacher anything again."
"very stringy and gets everywhere. it also stains everything it touches and did not seal as well as i had hopes, still have oil leak"
"While the product applies to the purpose it serves, the packaging is very misleading. Don't judge it by the capacity of its bottle size because the content is only half the dimension of the bottle. It leaves the person scratching his/her head wondering if the volume within is half-empty or half-full. It goes by weight, but then why use such a large bottle (besides it is unsealed) giving the impression that you get a good deal based on the volume. I know the review should only be for the product, but the packaging Is very misleading."
"**Edit - If you take something away from my post, it is that automakers design cars to run on specific spark plugs. Buy whatever works great for you car, and avoid spark plugs that don't run well. These didn't work in my car, but everyone is different. Check forums to see what works best as well.**I drive a 1998 Honda Civic EX with a VTEC engine. I am currently running NGK V-Power spark plugs and the original factory spark plug wires. I bought these spark plugs to see fuel economy gains and maybe a power increase while merging onto the freeway.They work, but I couldn't tell they were new. MPG's for my car went down to 36, usually 38-40, and so the price didn't match the product well. What I can tell you is that using the right spark plug for your car is key, and trying to eeek out extra MPG's from spark plugs doesn't work so well. I tried Autolites, NGK, etc. iridium plugs and the traditional copper cores work the best. I get 45-50 mpg highway on standard spark plugs.So save your money (I think I spent $16-24 for the set, it's been a while since I returned them) and buy 3-4 sets of copper core NGK V-Power plugs or whatever fits your car.The other thing to note is that replacing severley worn spark plugs with these will net fuel economy gains, but putting any new plugs in will do that. Don't be fooled by these fancy plugs. Shop for your car and check what your car is recommended to use, because that is usually the best option. Your car's computer is programed for the original plugs, not different ones.It's your money, but read the reviews to see if it helps your specific car. It didn't do anything for mine.One plus is that Amazon is amazing with returns."
"What a load of crap. I just installed it in my 2000 civic and I did not see any REAL noticeable benefit.After all the hype about increased mileage, increased fuel economy, quicker starts, etc, etc. I have yetto clearly perceive any real benefits from using it. I paid a arm and leg for it and cannot realize itsbenefits. For civic owners you can continue using the regular NGK plugs, just change them every 8 monthsand you are good to go. I will not waste any more money on snake-oil plugs like this. I will revert to usingthe regular plugs after I have exhausted using the iridiums (since I already bought them, might as well use them)."
"This did not do much for perfomance...the original plug works much better.  I use this plug now as a back up."
"I bought this pump because the seller described it as a siphon pump and I wanted to drain the gas out of my boat's gas tank.What I got,was a gas pump that does not siphon gas.I guess it might work for filling a lawn mower from a gas can.It is cheap and worth about five dollars."
"The bracket this comes with is way bigger than it needs to be. I could not fit it in desired location confortably. The one I got was also missing one of the mounting bolts. All the other parts were bagged up and heat sealed except one of the baggies had 4 washers, 4 nuts but only 3 bolts. It must have been an error in manufacterers packaging because eveything was sealed up tight when it arrived. I decided to go with the Hella switch and make my own bracket from angle iron."
"Good quality, but did not work in 3 inches of snow.  These were fairly easy to put on, but I was hesitant that they would slip off and they did."
"Bought a few years ago; lasted 2 years with perhaps 1 use every 2 months.Save your money and shop around via Internet on a more reliable compressor: e.g, Camp.Haus., or others."
"I have dropped my rating to one star after using this for awhile, I repeat BAD design.  You can't even turn it off and one with one hand because the cigarette lighter adapter cord blocks the switch.  It pumps fine, it just is a pain in the tail to use.Black & Decker ASI300 Air Station Inflator - Electric Air CompressorPrice:  $44.99This little inflator does the job.  It quickly pumped up my wheelbarrow tire.  The design could use work though.  Even though I purchased it due to it's ability to be run from AC or DC, I'm not happy with their implementation.  It works fine but the cigarette lighter adapter gets in the way of the AC power cord.  The AC power cord is so short that it necessitates using an extension cord to be able to get close to anything you hope to inflate.  Lastly it should have a molded handle on the top.  They could have just extruded a little more plastic and given you a handy handle.There are two snap on attachments in a nook on the bottom of the unit.  That was smart design, they are handy but not in the way.  I guess it looks like something designed by a committee, some good ideas and some not so good.  I don't like the plastic inflator valve.  That should be metal.As far as performance, it works fine.  I had a full blown compressor that I returned due to an immediate (when assembling) crimp in the air hose that prevented it from working correctly.  That had a metal inflator valve but the immediate failing of the hose negated the good thinking on the valve.This Black and Decker inflator works well, I am just surprised that a company like B&D; would not provide a better design.  The price is reasonable ($45 at Amazon) but still for $45 I think including a handle, a longer AC cord and a metal valve would not inflate the price dramatically.11/8/13 Retrospect:Design really is cumbersome.  The on/off switch is occluded by the DC power cord. You can't turn it off and on easily without looking due to that power cord blocking the switch.  The gauge is next to useless, it hangs up on the setting needle and thus turn off immediately until you can free it from the setting needle.  Kind of pointless to have an automatic off when it is stuck on the setting needle. Overall the pumping part works fine but the cord storage, cord attachment and switch placement as well as the poor gauge makes this far less satisfactory than I originally felt."
"I was looking for a small air compressor to fill basketballs, bike tires, car tires, etc.  This compressor works fine but it has to be one of the worst designed products I've purchased in recent memory.  The power cord is about 12"" long, as is the air tube.  Who thought that was a good idea?  Meanwhile, there's about 50' long cable for the 12V adapter.  This actually makes more sense but since I'm not using the 12V it just gets in the way.  Of course, you can store the 12V cable in a nice little storage space in the unit...except that's where they decided the put the power switch!  Are you kidding me?  The power switch is located deep inside some hole in the back of the unit?  Are the designers insane?  I'm stuck with this thing but you might want to look elsewhere."
"It does work, but is Poorly designed!! Using the a/c power, the d/c cord has to be removed from it's storage to get to the on switch. Very inconvenient! The a/c cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer. Who wants to get out an extension cord every time they want to plug it in? The coupler on the air hose is very flimsy, cheap and can't last long. The previous model air station was so superior to the new one and it was made in the USA! It was a/c power only but had long cords and hoses and wrap around storage for them. The switch was easy to get to. That thing was used almost daily, like any other home appliance. New one needs re-designed again to be much more user friendly, and made with better quality materials, such as a metal coupler and re-in-forced air hose. Sorry, I just think a company like Black & Decker could have done worlds better. Thanks!ProsAc or dc poweredConsAc cord is way too shortAir hose is way too short"
"I now own 3 different trailer coupler locks that are &#34;universal&#34; They are not. I have a Jayco Jayfeather (2013) and the hitch is such (wide and high) that no locks fit it. As is the norm, this unit comes in the typical &#34;user unfriendly&#34; packaging that is destroyed upon opening. I'd be glad to sell mine to anyone interested in trying it out."
"It would serve it's purpose if the on/off knob was a lever or the neck was longer. I can't put it far enough into the filler tube to do any good. This may an isolated case, but it didn't work for me."
"Too hard to empty into a small mouth container like a gas can. I store old oil in an old plastic 5 gallon gas can and empty when full this pan is a bear when directly trying to fill the can. I have to use a funnel which is just another item I need to clean."
"I've been looking to purchase a new Jump pack for use in the shop and narrowed my selection down to either the Clore JNC660 or the Shumacker ProSeries DSR PSJ-2212The reviews were about equal on both so I decided to get the JNC660Well, I just received the JNC660 today and it is defective right out of the box.I plugged it in to charge and the amber led that is suppose to be lit does not indicate it is charging. The Green LED does not show it is fully charged either.I verified my power cord has power from the outlet; even switched to another cord.Disappointed; I guess companies no longer have QC on their products.UPDATE: Feb 04, 2014After realizing that Amazon will not accept returns on this item, I contacted Clore Automotive tech support and explained that I had received a defective jump pack. I reviewed with them the various items I had checked to confirm that it was indeed defective.After they confirmed that I had purchased it via Amazon, they shipped a new JNC660 to me along with a prepaid UPS label to return to them the defective unit. I had the replacement unit in 5 days after contacting them. The replacement unit works great.Clore Automotive gets 5 stars from me for making this disappointing defective unit right."
"This is a very versatile system.  It can save a ton of work.  It is durable and solidly made.  It works as advertised, BUT: after a few uses, the unit started spraying used motor oil out of the top of the T-handle. What a mess! Used, black oil everyplace.  I called Mityvac and asked if there was some sort of replacement seal kit.  They promptly replaced the entire unit at their expense.  Great customer service, I was truly impressed.  Soon thereafter, the new unit started leaking just like the previous one.  Used oil everyplace! I was given no warning about synthetic oils when I called Mityvac (if this thing is incompatible with synthetic oils and fluids such as transmission, then I can't see what value it has).I own several vehicles and need a product which doesn't fail after 5 uses.  I did not contact Mityvac a second time as my warranty expired, rather have decided that the product may have a design flaw or unknown limitation.  I now wrap a wet rag around the T-handle to get a marginal temporary seal to start the flow and can still use the product this way, albeit somewhat ineffectively (and messily)."
"This thing has 2 readouts and 4 scales and no instructions on how to read any of htem.  The SWR is easy enough to figure out but the others are anyones guess, came with some little wire antenna that is nowhere in the one sheet instruction that comes with it.  The signal strength meter dosn't seem to register at all.  It was cheap enough and probelly works, but your  have to find an engineer to tell you how to use it."
"Bad design...  The two doors that cover the  hose and charger cords are not hinged or tethered, can easily be misplaced. Battery has been overheating during charging and has melted the bottom of the unit.  LED indicators show low battery charge.I do not trust it.  I will keep it as long as the pump works."
"I purchased two of these for my 1997 Ford F1 50. Both did not work the company sent me a replacement one it also did not work. When I asked again to return this product they stated to me that I could not as too much time had passed. I feel that they sent me a useless item to set me up while waiting for time to run out. In the end I have three remotes that do not work and am out the money. I wish I would have not purchased this."
"I use it for my dual back tires in a Ford 350 chassis. It would not register the tire pressure accurately. It was hard to get a tight seal around the valve stem. I will try the CH tire inflater with the built in gauge and the chuck that hopefully will get a tight seal on the valve stem."
"Right out of the package I used it first on the front tire of my bike and the gauge and pressure release worked fine and then I used it on the back tire and the pressure gauge read zero.  The release malfunctioned after the first use, so the dial would go back to zero right after you pulled the gauge off the tire.  I put it back in the box and returned to Amazon.com immediately!  I do NOT recommend!"
"They say 4100k, color temperature matches my stock 2700k bulbs (appearance in housing and beam). I returned right away. The life is rated poorly too. Not woth the money for fog lights. I purchased quality LED bulbs cheaper that will last as long as I own my car."
"I did not want the ghetto blue look at all ... but wanted brighter and a nice hint of the Whitish look (maybe with a tinge of blue) ... but these really look VERY close to the original basic cheap Sylvania bulbs. I can see a HINT of difference and not totally yellow but really all it adds a tinge (and I mean TINGE) more whitish but still primarily yellow.I saw the Sylvania Silverstar zXe models but the bulbs looked really blue and I thought it would give the ugly blue color so I went with the Ultras .... kinda thinking the zXe's would have given me more of the look I was going for.If you want regular yellow with a SLIGHT hint of white (hardly any) but brighter then stock then these are good ... if you want a more HID look with more whiteish look then go with the zXe's as those should give you more of what you want (I am returning these for the zXe's in hopes they are what I am wanting).I did more research on the zXe models and though the bulb is blueish most all reviews say it is NOT lbue at all ... just really white and that was what I wanted ... I know I couldn't get an HID look from a bulb but I wanted something close and still have the same brightness if not more then the regular bulbs.They are ok but just not the white kinda bright like they advertise and I thought they would be plus the brightness really isn't any brighter to me in my GMC Sierra then the basic cheap Sylvanias we're.Overall totally not worth the money."
"Put these in my Tacoma and they are nice and bright but low beam went out on one side after 6 months. I drive with my lights on all the time so that had a lot to do with it."
"Sure these are white light that peirces the blackest nights. BUT, do they last? Unfortunatley, no they do not.I had the dealership take out the OEM head light bulbs in my 2012 GMC Sierra and replace them with the Silverstars. The bulbs in this truck are a menace to replace as GM made them very hard to get to on this model year. The first Silverstars lasted about eight months until one burned out. Replaced bulb and six months later the other one burned out.etc. etc.If your vehicle has an easy access to change the bulbs and you don't mind them lasting about six to eight months then these Silerstars are very good."
"I purchased these bulbs for my 2003 explorer in Mid August of 2011. Its now Feb 2012 and I've been noticing they aren't as bright. My stock bulbs were brighter and lasted longer compared to these. The reason I was focused on buying the bulbs in the first place was because they were cheaper than Walmart or any auto store in my area. Stores had the same bulbs priced in the $50 area and amazon had them for $35. They are decent bulbs when they you first get them they lose the brightness fast."
"A close friend with a 2001 ML320 had very poor low beam light performance that needed to be corrected. Given the importance of her need to quickly reach emergencies for her job, I decided to take every action to improve the situation. The most expensive step was replacing the existing bulbs with Sylvania Ultra basically because they were the priciest in the store.  Yet of the three actions taken, the replacement yielded the lowest impact results.  Basically, there is only so much technology that can be applied to an incandescent light bulb, which differs dramatically from HID and LED.While these measurements are entirely subjective, I would rank the improvement and cost from the following actions:1) 3M Headlight restoration kit: +25% improvement; cost  USD12 + two hours labor (in urban parking lot, so took longer than normal)2) Low beam vertical adjustment: +20% improvement; cost USDzero + 30 minutes labor3) Sylvania Ultra Bulbs installation: +15% improvement; cost USD55 at local retail + 20 minutes laborThe end result of this endeavor is that using the restoration kit with vertical adjustment would have been more than sufficient to achieve excellent low beam performance. It is hard to justify a high price for simple incandescent bulbs for the fundamental reason so little technology involved -- no current driver, no ballast. Moreover, like a dirty residential light bulb, a yellowing and crazed headlight lens significantly reduces light transmission. This problem is relatively easy to correct by the least skilled individuals with a 10-15 dollar kit. So, while the Sylvania bulbs subtly improve performance, they should be the last corrective action on your list."
"I tried these and was impressed with their bright white light output, but was extremely disappointed with the lifespan. I didn't make it a year with the first set, tried again, and one bulb didn't make it eight months. Living in a small town where overzealous cops pull you over for having lights out, I went back to Xtra-Vision bulbs that last much longer.  If you look on the back of the box it clearly indicates that the more expensive brighter bulbs last half as long as some the less bright ones. It is hard to believe they cannot make bright white bulbs that last longer. Hopefully LED headlights will have the right performance and price soon."
"Purchased a set of these to replace originals in my 2010 SUV. Absolutely no difference in brightness. One of the worst investments I ever made. Don't waste your money. Having someone walk in front of you with a lit candle would be just as good."
"On comparing these 'Ultra' bulbs with the base Silverstars that preceded them:  The base (blue pak) Silverstar is a much better light, IMHO.  I actually went back to the base Silverstar for what appeared to be its superior illumination down the road that I experienced with both our '03 Honda Civic (HB2) and '03 Focus (same bulb, but 9003/H4 designated).  Felt a bit 'scammed' by this newer 'Ultra' offering really.  And, it's true; 6 mos 'tops' for 'life' in both cars but.. wouldn't be without.Bill H. in the Pacific Northwest - rain country!"
"I bought this due to high review scores and price...wish I had not.Stupid thing jammed up the first time I put grease into it.  I pushed hard the first time and I got it to engage, but the disengagement tab popped out.  I took it apart, resolved that issue as best as I could, and the next time it jammed again, but this time a good push just broke the plastic bushing inside.This isn't my first grease gun and not the first one I've had designed like this.  It is the first one I've had that would jam up like this piece of junk.  What a waste of money."
"I was deceived by some of the positive reviews of this product.  Yes, it is heavy and ""feels"" substantial (which some other reviewers believed were indices of quality); however, in my opinion, this product's features really SUCK!  Here is why:1.  The compressor hose detaches off the body of the compressor via a quick connect you push together and pull out to disconnect.  The one I received was defective.  I pushed it in one time, then pulled it out.  When I tried to connect it again, the danged thing wouldn't connect in with a snap.  This is unreliable.  How would you like to be stranded with a flat and think, ""ok, I just got to air up the spare and be on my way,"" only to find out you can't connect the stupid hose to the compressor.  Hoses that are permanently connected are better.  I've had cheaper models I've kept in my car and used for 20 years and there's never been a problem of the hose that was permanently connected, failing.  This detachalbe hose on the SLIME is worthless.2.  I also completely disagree with other reviewers about the screw on connection to the tire valve.  I prefer the snap down clamp type.  It's so much easier to just snap the valve on rather than screw it on to the tire valve.  Plus, your tire valve is dirty, so after you spend a few seconds screwing it on, most likely, you hands will be black.  I've had plastic snap down clamps on my other compressors and there's never been any failure or breakage of the plastic.3.  An the frickin bag that comes with it is too danged small.  Good luck trying to fit all the parts back into the bag!If you want convenience and reliability when it counts, don't get this compressor.  A big PITA!"
"I unpacked this grease gun, put some thread sealant on the fittings and tightened them up and used it to grease my truck. I was pretty happy with it until the next day when I picked it up and there was grease leaking out of it at the trigger and the bleeder valve. Also, the description says that it's rated to 10,000 psi. The hose says it's rated to 4,500 psi. Next time I'll go with my gut and spend some more money on something that won't make me angry every time I see it."
"I am sad to report that I have experienced a situation very much like a few other reviewers have mentioned.  The grease fitting would not release from the zerk and ripped it right out of the ball joint assembly.  I had to re-tap the hole and buy a new zerk to repair the vehicle.  I had to get a pair of pliers to remove the zerk from the grease gun, as it was completely and totally stuck.  The biggest problem is that there is no size adjustment on this grease gun, so you get what you get and cannot adjust the strength of the grip on the zerk.Other than causing me to do an hour of extra work (going to AutoZone to get a tap and zerk), this gun seems to be built really well and it seemed to be able to get enough pressure to get the job done without too much issue.Amazon was EXTREMELY easy to work with on the return of this item.Just because I had a terrible experience with this grease gun doesn't mean that you won't have good luck.  Just be warned that the reviews that mention zerks being ripped out are accurate.  I discounted these reviews when I ordered this gun, as I weighted the overwhelmingly-positive review score higher than the negative reviews.Bottom line: not recommended."
"I would say the claim of 51 watts equaling 115 watts is just not true! Based on the claim I figured these bulbs would just blow away my Sylvania Ultra Stars. Put the PIAA in one light and compared to the Sylvannia left in the other. Against my white garage door, I saw no visible difference in light output at all! Drove the truck and no difference. Color is only a very slightly different shade of white. I am not knocking PIAA as I know they do make quality products, but the claim is misleading."
"I was really on the fence with purchasing this battery online. Batteries are heavy--the carrier (in my case, UPS), will treat this battery like they treat any other heavy package and toss it around. I read the reviews (the good and the bad) and thought that they had resolved the poor packaging issue. Sadly, they have not. My battery arrived with three of the four corners of the base snapped off, and the negative post bent.Until Amazon realizes that these batteries need to be packaged better, they should not sell them.UPDATE: I requested a return, but since this battery is considered a hazardous material, they didn't want the battery back but issued a full refund. I tried it in my car and it worked great for three months. The battery was manufactured in February 2012, but can barely hold a charge now."
"Bought one for my 04 GTO, it lasted about a year and then died, sits on the charger and won't go above 10.5 volts.  I expected better."
"Followed all the instruction on filling and charging. I'm not new to motorcycle batteries. This battery has already failed in taking a full charge. Not even a year old. At first I thought it was my bike that wasn't charging.....Nope, turns out this battery crapped out. I threw in a 7 year old Drag Specialties battery I had and use this Yuasa as an expensive paperweight."
"no sure if this was a good buy , it went dead after sitting a week , recharged it up and it worked fine , need to see how long it holds a charge , i charged it work a week before i install it into bike  charged with a batterytender"
"Fifty cents wort of tubing and a nipple.  This is a joke.  It now resides in a zip-lock bag in a lower drawer of my tool box, never to see the light of day again."
"I planned to use it in a five gallon bucket purchased from one of the two large home center chains but they slope inward toward the bottom so the insert does not sit on the bottom. Therefore it requires more than twice as much soap and water quantity to be useful."
"I was excited to get this seal conditioner. Used it the same day I got it, however little more than half of the bottle used and the air in it ran out - BIG bummer, now I can't finish the slide out rubber and there will be a waste of product in a can with no air left in it. Big bummer! Was really expensive for not being able to use the entire can."
"I've used it a few times now on problems areas on the car and it has no effect.  I will try something else from a different brand."
"I failed when purchasing this tool.  I was trying to substitute for the real full size kit to do some of my jobs.I stongly suggest that you don't follow in my foot steps.I couldn't even use it once.  Myabe it could have been that it didn't offer the right size or configuration for the car i was working on that day.  But there is something else that is wrong with going with a tool like this.  Even if it had the right size or configuration, If the caliper piston has come out too far for this tool to fit in between the caliper and the piston then it would render it useless.I would recommend Astro Pneumatic 78618 Brake Caliper Wind Back Tool Set - 18 Piece.  Whether it's for professional use or personal, I strongly suggest a tool like this one.  It's going to be worth the investment, trust me.  As of this review time it's currently $36.92 from Amazon.Good luck"
"I made the mistake of buying this tool to change my rear brake pads on my car thinking that I could get away with getting the cheap tool. I wish I would have just paid a little more for the right tool as this one was such a pain to use.First: There weren't any pin sets that fit my rear brake pistons. There was one side that had 4 house shaped pegs on the corners. I had to grind off two of the pegs and I could use that side. Those house shaped pegs were the only ones that actually fit in my car's pistons.Second: The metal is so soft on this cube thing that when the cube slips out of the slots in the calilper, the metal deforms and becomes rounded off, and it makes it that much harder to use. After it slips off about 10 times, it is almost unusable. I had to frequently go back and use my dremel to remove more material off the pegs to make them flat again on the sides that had rounded off.Third: Eventually those pegs got too small and they would slip out even though they weren't rounded off. I had to switch to another side that had two round pegs out at the corners. However those round pegs were too big, so I had to go back to my dremel to grind them down a bit to fit. Then started the process of slipping and grinding again.Fourth: This cube tool does not compress the piston while turning it. The compression comes from your arm pushing on it, and if you don't push it perfectly straignt, the cube slips. So, you can't put that much force on it. This leads to taking WAY longer to compress the pistons then it should take. With the proper tool that compresses and turns at the same time, these pistons should be able to be compressed in about 5 minutes each. However, with this tool, it took me over two hours to compress ONE piston.Fith: Because of all the grinding I had to do, this tool is now worn out and wouldn't be good to use again on another brake job. So I'm going to have to buy another tool when it comes time to do rear brakes again.There is nothing good about this tool. The only redeeming quality about it is that I was eventually able to get the job done. There were times in the middle where I thought I was going to be running to the auto parts store to buy/rent the proper tool, but it did make it through. It probably would have been quicker to make a trip out and get a new tool though.Do yourself a favor and don't buy this tool. I wouldn't buy any of these cube tools based on my experience with this one. Just spend a little more and get one of the rear brake piston sets that compresses the piston while turning. I wish I had done that, and I will do that for my next brake job (Since this tool is now trash)."
"Lots of glowing praise on this item and while I agree with most of the comments like great leverage, good in tight spaces, easily adjustable, long reach... and so on... it failed me miserably on the first use. I had a filter that was not ""hand tight"" as many expect them to be when they're ready to slide under and twist them off with just a light touch of pressure. The filter on my 1999 Expedition is right behind the bumper so I'm not sure if that placement exposes it more to the elements and makes removal more difficult or if the filter was last replaced and tightened way too much... last change was by a Ford dealer because it was a freebie. I clamped onto the top of the filter and it immediately punched holes into it with the claws that are suppose to grip the filter... and then came the oil down my arm. I tried again at the base of the filter where there's a little more metal and immediately got another set of holes. I went for the strap wrench but that wouldn't budge it either. I finally got it off with my KR Tools 12153 16-Inch Groove Joint Pliers. I know all filters aren't difficult to remove but I've been changing my oil & filters... plus most repairs... for about 50 years and this is not the only filter I have had problems removing. I will be purchasing a cap type filter wrench and have given this wrench 1-star because I could not get the filter off with it and it punched holes in the filter... and since this tool is pretty much useless for any other job it'll likely be donated or just sink to the bottom of my auto tool drawer. I don't care about the holes as much as I did the resultant oil leak or the potential that the filter may have to be removed in pieces. I'm also surprised that one reviewer talks about holes and how this wrench didn't cause any in the removal or install... and I think anyone who tightens a filter with a wrench is asking for problems. I have purchased quite a few TEKTON tools on Amazon from wrenches to sockets and have not been disappointed... until now. Lastly, if your filter is on tight you should be able to exert enough pressure with a tool to get it off without punching holes in it.Since I was able to get it off with the pliersKR Tools 12153 Pro Series 16-Inch Groove Joint Pliersthat would seem to be the better tool investment if you have a large filter... at least the jaws have more teeth for a better grip, the teeth are not likely to puncture the filter, it has a lot more potential for other uses where an oil wrench does not and the price is about the same. I have used the pliers on many other things without an issue or damage to what I was working on... especially good for my 1-1/2"" PVC irrigation and pump lines."
"They squish flat even lifting my '96 328I which is not a heavy car. Can't think about using them on my Tiguan since it is even heavier. The way they bend flat I can't imagine them holding up for a long time"
"Be careful using this.  It slipped off my jack while lifting the car causing the jack to dent the undercarriage."
"Literally ordered it yesterday and got it today with Amazon prime. Recommended by Scotty Kilmer, so I think it should at least do some good work, My 944 Porsche has a belly pan so I can't tell if it leaks on the floor, but it should do something at least.They raised the price of this item 2-3 dollars, and instead of free shipping, you pay for it now. So it used to be about 8.79+ tax, now its 11 something + tax + shipping... disgusted."
"I cant say this product worked on the two vehicles I tried it on.  It made one vehicle worse than it was before I added it."
"I bought this before a road trip and it arrived the day before I had to depart.  The fit guide said that I bought the right size for my tire but it is short by over a foot!  I can't really comment on the product, but I really hope it doesn't snow on my trip because I'm in a bad place if it does.SC1036 doesn't even come close to fitting on a 265/40R18!"
"I have a Power Bright PW1100-12 which works well and the Power Bright specifications state these are very efficient units (>90% max.) which is why I also tried this smaller unit for another need.This inverter is heavily built and on the outside seems like a quality unit.  When first powered up using the accessory outlet adapter, the unit ran my 75 watt current draw okay.  I then switched to a set of HD cables I use for the larger inverter (which probably had nothing to do with this issue) for another test with the same load and a few seconds later smoke and flames billowed out of the back for several seconds.  The green AC power LED in the front was still on and it may have been producing AC power, but I was busy shutting down the test and did not verify.For the money, this seemed like a great unit and it probably is.  Defects happen even to the best of items, but I replaced it with a 150 watt Tripplight which will travel better for its intended usage."
"All it does is scrape and pit your battery terminals - I really don't see the point of getting this tool. Scotch-Brite sponge would work better to clean the battery terminals."
"this the first time that i received a package like this...the car wax container was busted and it was all over the box. i was really disappointed. i dont know what to expect next time. such a waste..."
"Like a few other reviewers, I've had this ""charger"" kill a few batteries.  It seems like if there is a power outage that lasts longer than a few seconds, these guys get confused.  The BatteryMINDer has killed 3 batteries for me like this.  Everything is fine, power goes off for a couple of hours, you don't think about it, and then days/weeks/months later you go back and the thing has a red light on and your battery is at 1-2 volts.  This is a design problem, the charger should not discharge batteries no matter what. It also does not charge weak batteries.I would have thrown mine away but the desulator mode has brought back a few batteries from the dead.In conclusion, good desulfator, poor charger, and unreliable maintainer."
"I knew it wasn't for MY grease gun, but with some altering it will squeak by...for $6 and free shipping? It will hopefully work as good as the large hose clamp I previously used."
"First, their site gave me the wrong directions.  Took awhile to find the right ones.  This thing once installed has never worked right.  Sometimes it works fine, then randomly stops working all together.  Mute button only works when I hold it down and it cycles on and off... I have to release it and hope it stops on mute.  Volume works for about 4 notches, then won't go back down.  Also, I need to push the buttons really hard to make this thing respond.  Before it was just a light touch.  This thing is irritating and frustrating.  Go with the Axxess ASWC, same price, doesn't need to go though a complicated program process, and actually works!"
"This product was easy enough to install, as I'm electronically inclined.  However, I ran into a bit of an issue after the installation was completed and the unit was programmed -- it failed to control my Kenwood DNX6960 reliably.  Sometimes it worked for every button press; sometimes it didn't work, at all.  Sometimes it worked for all buttons; other times only some buttons functioned.I triple-checked everything (which was fine) and then began researching the problem.  While researching I stumbled across a bulletin from the manufacturer.  Apparently some of the SWI-JACK units were mis-soldered at the factory and fail to operate Kenwood head units even when properly wired into place.  Wow, just wow... talk about bad quality control.Fortunately mine was properly soldered on the inside.  Sadly, though, this didn't help me find a solution.  Ultimately I lived with the sporadic functionality of the unit until my Metra Axxess ASWC arrived.  I'm much happier with the Axxess ASWC.  It uses a steering wheel control wire off the radio harness rather than needing to be connected directly to the vehicle's BCM.  It also auto-detects the head unit (it may need a 12k reisstor in the line [only during auto-detection] for some Kenwood head units, but the DNX6960 isn't one of them) -- meaning no programming is necessary.  And it's competitively priced.  I strongly recommend the Metra Axxess ASWC over the PAC SWI-JACK unless you just -have- to have a PAC SWI-JACK -- especially if you're working on a GM truck in conjunction with a Kenwood head unit."
"OK so these looked like they might be OK for the price and are made in Washington State (buy local thing).  I was terribly disappointed that a local Washington State company would claim these are waterproof (they know how it rains here).  These boots leaked buckets as the water ran off my waterproof riding suit pant legs right down into the upper part of the boots.  Within minutes of riding the boot was saturated.  The zippers also failed after about a week, the upper stop came off and the zipper just pulled right off in my hands!  Don't expect any support or protection from this boot either, it's front is sort of ""armored"" but the sides and the rest of the boot is very very thin material. Vega will not deal with any of these issues and say I must go through the dealer I purchased them from... however the dealer says they didn't make the boot or the claim of waterproofing so that's a warranty/advertising issue and to go through Vega. Catch 22 right?  If I ever get this resolved to my satisfaction (return for full refund) I'll post how much effort it took. For now I would avoid VEGA at all costs due to poor products and terrible customer service."
"I haven't had a chance to use them in the rain but for normal riding they are very good.  Easy to put on with the two zippers and they seem to have a complete liner that is waterproof.  Comfortable too.  They are not SIDI or BMW quality but for the price are fine.This was added after a 4 hour ride in the rain.  This boot is a rain magnet, I had so much water in these it could be dumped out.  I need to change these to NO STARS as the main point of buying a waterproof boot is to have it be water-proof and these are NOT.  Don't buy these if you want any sort of water resistance or water proofing as they are bad for that."
"Super light weight, that's why the 2 stars. Some people would like how light they are but not me, I'd think if you crashed the road would chew these up like it was nothing. So ill save my feet and get some real thick boots"
"If you're up for a tuneup, these plugs are worth replacing the OEM plugs. My engine runs smoother and throttle response is noticeable. Don't expect miracles, like a sudden increase in MPG. You're not turning your car into a hybrid; just replacing old copper core, single arm plugs with a new material for better spark...with ""hopes"" of better performance. It's not much more expensive than copper plugs so it was definitely worth a try.This model was a direct replacement for my aging 1996 Infiniti I30 V6. No problems with install but make sure to buy the anti-seize lubricant.UPDATE: Took my car to the shop for other work and after pulling these plugs, they said this model 4501 was the wrong one for my 1996 infiniti i30. But Amazon's make/model filter listed that these work and they fit fine. Maybe the 4 electrodes makes the plug run hotter that may not be good on my old car? Not sure....I'll keep them in for a little while longer.UPDATE #2: Sept 15, 2012. So a little over 6 months (5K miles) of running with these plugs, all of a sudden, my car stumbles on acceleration. After Googling for possible answers, came up on a few complaints about Bosch plugs failing. I replaced them with some single prong NGKs Vpower and the problem went away. The Bosch's didn't look like they failed but it may burn too hot for my old car. I'm glad the problem wasn't serious. I did receive my $4 rebate check so each plug ended up net $2 so not worth it going through Bosch's product guarantee return process (they don't cover S/H). Read that they discontinued these plugs and using the rebate to get rid of dead inventory. It may work for you but I would stick to something closer to OEM like NGK or Denso if I were you."
"With 50,000 miles, my factory ISS was making noise (like they all do).  I put this one in with a new green bearing, and it was maybe 50% better. Then after 2 months, it was noisier than the factory one I took out and threw away.  Now its REALLY loud.  This was a 100% waste of money."
"this steering shaft is of poor design. the factory shaft is much better than this one. I installed it no problem, but the clearances were bigger then the one I took off. I don't recommend this item for any one trying to up grade to something better. ITS not!!!!!!!!"
"One down side, bottles can and will fell off due to the fact of the design. Adjustable arms cannot hold a &#34;full heavy&#34; 16oz water bottle ...... those arms spread easier than a _________ legs.I actually got'em glue with epoxy using a coke bottle as standard measure; be careful not to glue'em to wide apart or the lid wont close."
"I've had a pair of Rain-X Latitude wipers on my Lexus RX300 for two months.  I thought they were great and did a good job clearing the windshield until today.  Today, we had our first snow and sleet of the season in Philadelphia.  As I drove to the grocery store, the driver's side wiper failed catastrophically.  The entire blade assembly, with the exception of the mounting clip that fits into the car's metal ""J"" arm (i.e., the wiper arm), fell off the car as I was driving, immediately costing me visibility in the sleet.  If you look at the picture of the wiper, the black plastic part in the middle essentially broke off of the blade assembly.  There was not much slush built up on the windshield at the time -- only a bit that the blade had pushed up and to the left side of the windshield while I drove.  It wasn't as though I was trying to use the wipers on packed ice or anything.  Given the premium price of the blades, I was surprised at how weak the construction was.It should go without saying that a product failure of this nature is unacceptable given how important visibility is when driving at speed in inclement weather.I've been working on cars for more than twenty years.  I know how to install blades.  I properly installed these wipers according to the included Rain-X directions.  After the blade fell off the car, the ""connector"" was still properly mounted to the car's wiper arm; however, the product failure was that the Rain-X connector failed to hold the blade.  Because I still have the connector, I took a close look at it.  It's only some plastic and, upon inspection, does not seem like a very robust design.  These wipers weren't properly designed and/or manufactured to withstand real world conditions.  I see other reviewers below have had similar bad experiences.I'll be sticking with Bosch, etc., in the future.  Buy at your own risk."
"After only a few days, my 26"" wiper developed a large area that it would not wipe, so I had to buy a new wiper. Since it may be due to getting a ""bad one"" and since the smaller wiper seems to work better, I'll give it two stars instead of just one."
"these are the worst wiper blades I have ever used. they leave streaks on the windshield and do a horrible job in the rain. I tried to contact the seller to ask them for an exchange only to be told that my return date expired. If there were negative stars I would use them for this product.. Even cheap wiper blades do a better job than these blades."
"I have a 2005 BMW 330xi. These are some of the few wiper blades that have the correct (very large) adapter for my model BMW. I only know if this wiper blade and ICON for having the correct fit.These squeak, streak, and are just a pain. There are times where the smallest bit of water is on my windshield, and it just spreads the water around more and it become more of an issue.Maybe it is just the pair I got, but for the price of these I fully expect them to work flawlessly. But sadly, these are absolutely horrid.I have heard good things about Bosch ICON, so I will be giving those a try here soon."
"These wiper blades leaves a smear on the driver side 2005 Ford F-150 that is outright dangerous if driving at night.  I discovered the problem during a 2,200 road trip through Colorado in January.  Not being able to see at night is no fun.  Having to stop at gas station to do the wiper's job is silly.  These wipers are expensive but their performance is unacceptable."
"I've had my eye on these wiper blades for a while, because I had heard some pretty good things. Once a sale hit, I was all over them.The very first thing I noticed when I replaced the OEM blades on my 2013 Charger was how massive the brackets are. I didn't have any delusions about a universal-fit part looking like a contiguous part of my wiper arm, but seriously, the bracket on this is just huge.I appreciated how well-constructed the rest of the blade seemed to be, and that in spite of the gigantic bracket, the blade didn't wobble. Then I tried them out. Ugh. They streak like no other. I've actually treated my windshield withRain-X 800002243 Glass Treatmentand I use Rain-X washer fluid religiously, so if there's a windshield in town that should be slicker than a... well... you know... it's mine. Yet, these blades do a horrendous job of keeping my windshield clear.After a couple of weeks, I ended up putting the OEM blades back on. Those year-old blades performed far better than these new ones."
"I really thought these blades would be awesome replacements for my OEM's, I was wrong. They do not form to the window and they leave streaks right in the eye line of the windshield. I'm definitely going to replace them soon, but will not be buying Rain X ever again."
"I purchased this 24 inch wiper blade, thinking it was a quality product.  After one month I got one streak, by six months the whole contact area was streaking.  I purchased the Good Year Assurance at Costco, buy one get one free for $7.99 and after six months on my other car they still work like new.The 18 inch Rainex I purchased still worked fine after six months, but being paired up with a loser I changed them both.Goodyear GY-WB765-24 Assurance Black Premium Rubber Graphite Coated Wiper Blade, 24"" (Pack of 1)I had the Latitude on my other car in 24 and 18 inch and after a few months they began to squeak.  It is amazing how much you pay and how little you get.Rainex works very well, but their wiper blades and window cleaner are not worth buying, just goes to show what happens when a company expands the product line and forgets the quality."
"squeep-squeep-thunk.thunk-snack, thunk-snack.knock-whack, knock-whackkveetch-chit-chit-crunk-snitBut why belabor the point.  Worked well for about six months, then started smearing a little, and the noises got more interesting over time.  And intolerable.Back to Bosch for me."
"These work for about a week and then cease to function the way they first did.  I would not recommend them for a Jeep vehicle.  I would search for a different brand."
"Clunky and heavy. I previously used microfiber towels but decided to give this mitt a try. I will be going back to the towels, this thing is clunky, heavy, and hard to remove debris from (in the wash bucket). Skip it. Look into other options."
"This is a relatively cheap wash mitt. There is a lot of foam padding, however the actual microfiber content is minimal and not thick or plush. There are many better, higher end microfiber towels available from dedicated detailing stores."
"We've always used a fluffy wash cloth to wash our vehicles, but I figure there must be something better. My search for a wash mit found these, so I bought 2.The pros:+ Low cost & the shipping is included,+ Very good reviews.The cons:- These are HUGE, way too large for our large & XL hands!- Awkward for cleaing in tight areas.I'm not saying these mitts won't work for you.  We don't care for these & they're going in the donation box. We're back to using a fluffy wash cloth. :("
"The mitt is okay but too thin.It feels like a thin towel when you use it to wash your car.And the mitt is too big. My hand was moving all over inside of it.Mitt was okay but material wayyyy tooo thin. Needs to be much thicker if it wants to do the job right.Better off getting a microfiber towel or sponge than this."
"This mitt is a bit thinner than I expected and doesn't hold as much soap/water as I had hoped.  When you pull it out of the bucket, it really just drains off quickly, so you have to hurry and get it onto the car.  Also, it's white, so it shows dirt and grime very quickly as you wash.  I was surprised at how much grit and grime actually stuck to the mitt, even though I was using the 2-bucket method.  It just didn't wash off in the rinse water.  My old trusty microfiber sponge worked better than this mitt, unfortunately.  And the grit and grime rinsed right off the sponge, but not this mitt.  Another dud from Meguiar's (see my Water Magnet review)."
"It may seem soft, which is is but something I don't like about it. Nowhere to trap dirt. I love the other wool mits or the standard old school ones which work perfect.  This seems like good quality but doesn't have alot of soap suds and idk scared it will scratch black car."
"I was extremely disappointed in this item. Most of the Camco stuff I have is pretty good, but the problem with this meter is the clear plastic face is not static proof.When comparing with my Fluke multimeter, this meter reads about 2VAC high at 120VAC; or about 1.6% off.When you get the meter, it has a piece of protective plastic over the bezel, and just removing it will induce enough static electricity to cause the pointer to change.  And if you brush across the bezel with your finger, you can make it read anywhere from 110V to 130V, because the static electricity affects the needle.Most meters use a plastic bezel that is immune to static, and does not do this. I don't know if the problem is the plastic the manufacturer used or perhaps they failed to treat it with some chemical.Sadly there are not a lot of options for other brands. I like an analog meter in this case as you can see voltage fluctuations a whole lot better than you can with a digital meter.Hopefully over time this meter will lose it's sensitivity to static electricity."
"I took a flier on this after reading the reviews. I lost. The meter is easily 5-9 volts off (tested with my multimeter and confirmed with my volt meter app on my power supply).Don't waste your money. Amazon should seriously consider dropping this item from its website."
"After a power outage, I connected my refrigerator to this power supply. Sadly, its inverter was unable to support my refrigerator. The Duracell DPP-600HD doesn't have enough momentary  output to handle the initial start-up current spike of a refrigerator's compressor motor. The specifications say it can momentarily provide up to 960 watts. This equates to 8 amps at 120v.  Yet, public benchmark figures for a home refrigerator's start-up current indicate 13 amps for up to 1/2 second. Other appliances that use electric motors such as sump pumps are likely to exhibit the same characteristics. My suggestion is that customers immediately test this product with any device they intend to power during an outage.Some important specifications are missing in the Amazon listing.  One of the key statics is the capacity of the internal battery, which is 28 amp-hours at 12 v.  This equates to 336 watt hours.  Yet, AC output is much lower than this presumably due to inverter losses.  These losses increase with power output.  The following table illustrates this.  The last column is my calculation.load.................watts....hours....watt-hoursCordless telephone.....5........35.0 ...175Portable stereo.........10........22.0 ...220Laptop computer.......20........7.0 ....140Fan.......................100.........1.7....17036"" TV...................133........1.2 ....1603/8 drill.................300........0.4 ....115Warm-air fan heater.312........0.4 ....109Blender..................385........0.3 ....109HID Floodlights.......400........0.3.....107Observe that the total energy delivered (watt-hour) drops with power consumption.  Ultimately, the usable energy is significantly less than what is contained within the lead acid battery.For reference, a refrigerator will use about 200 watts of electricity when the compressor is running. Typical consumers will have their refrigerator running about 50% to 60% of the time, which equates to an average of 100-120 watts being consumed continuously.ConsDoesn't handle current spikes associated with certain electric motorsProsBoth AC and DC outputPortableSimple operation"
"I had read many mixed reviews but I ordered this wrench hoping it would work out well for me. Unfortunately, for my circumstances I found it difficult to get the wrench to grip the oil filter. You MUST be able to get one hand on the filter to hold the jaws of the wrench in place as you move the wrench to loosen to filter. I found this to be more trouble than it's worth. Maybe it would work better on another vehicle with more room to work and a different size filter. I was able to turn my filter by hand, but if I couldn't I'm sure I could have gotten this wrench to work, but it was more difficult than I was expecting."
"kind of flimsy. i ultimately just used a channellock tongue and groove plier to grip and unscrew the oil filter. plus the channellock is more useful for other tasks. after you yank the oil filter off the first time, just hand tighten the next times. it is more than enough to prevent leaks (both by my anecdotal experience 5+ years of changing my own oil and per experts online) and allows you to hand unscrew it in the future.bottom line, don't waste your money. get a channellock instead."
"I would not recommend to buy this at all. It is very slippery and not useful for holding the jack in place. I do not know why they would sale such unsafe product. Lawyer should make a case out of this product."
"When these are attached to the lynx levelling blocks the instant you hit it it pops off the block it's attached to.  So I guess it does let you know when you're on the blocks, but it's not confidence inspiring at all.  Now sitting in the garage ignored."
"This item includes (2) very small pieces of sandpaper of different coarseness (It would be nice if they were labeled), (2) small tubes of polishing compound and (2) small polishing cloths. In my opinion, it&#8217;s not worth the price."
"The directions are poorly written....the process did not work for me. I was very disappointed after reading so many positive reviews."
"Didn't do anything for the scratches, no impact at all! Frankly, I am highly disappointed. Do not recommend you to buy and use this."
"To me? Grabage... the quality of this set has gone downhill IMO... I have an older set that rocks so I bought this newer set for another trailer - garbage.  Mismatched looking pins and locks. Hitch cover lock is plactic and doesnt hold well. I would recommend buying local so that you can try it and return it... Thank you AMAZON for allowing me to return this POG."
"The pin (10mm) is too wide for the disc brake holes and the disk is too wide for the lock to easily slip on and off without damaging the dick bake itself. Great lock for other bikes I suspect, but not designed for thick brake disks with smaller holes."
"I've got a sport bike that doesn't have any storage.Before, I had a smaller disc lock made by someone else, but the internals on it always locked up - even when I had the key.So, I got this one, wanting something better.This one is too big to mount in the little spot I had before.It came with a little nylon carry bag, and I tried mounting that to the motorcycle, but it didn't stay. I took it off before it fell off and I lost the lock.Now, if I plan to go somewhere that I want to lock up the motorcycle (Wal-Mart or some sketchy bar), I will tuck this into the pocket of my riding jacket if I remember it. The problem is, I have never remember it.I've never gotten any use out of it, yet there it sits: Brand new and never flawed."
"Lock attached to the brake caliber just fine, but found after about 2 weeks of leaving it on, when I inserted key it wouldn't come loose without hitting and pulling.  Once I got it off, I sprayed dry liquid wrench grease and attached.  I worked well at that point as I locked and unlock several times.  Again, letting it set about 2 weeks, I went to unlock and same problem.  This time I resorted to WD-40 and locked and unlocked several times without any problems.  Two or three weeks later - here we go again.  The lock does attach to the caliber just fine and the tire can't be rolled without causing damage to the brake caliber - so security is not a problem.  It's just getting the thing to unlock smoothly without applying alternate means and methods for getting the thing to release."
"The Trimax T-3Black receiver lock is one of the best locks offered.  It's plenty long and very well made.  The weight and feel of the metal is a testament to it's quality and workmanship.  I am very satisfied with the lock. The rubber lock cover keeps out dirt and water.  It is definitely worth the money.Update: After going thru a brutal winter in Ohio, this lock rusted and the key wouldn't open it.  i ended up having to cut it off (which by the way wasn't easy) Maybe if I would have lubed it good and made sure the cover was on constantly it may have lasted. For that reason alone I reappraised it to One star."
"I have a 750 Honda Shadow and this will not fit over the disk brakes. It was too cheap to hassle with the return."
"I see that no one has left a review in a while, so they no one may  have ordered for a 2012.I ordered this for my 2012 JK and it does not fit. The circumference for the steering wheel was right but I assume the ""thickness"" of the steerng wheel has changed as this does not cover the steering wheel correctly (front to back) and I had to remove and return..."
"It was way too small for an adult head.  After testing it a couple of times, I started getting dizzy and not sure whether it was the fumes I was smelling when the mask was tight close to my nose. Anyway, I simple cannot rate this any higher not because of the small size but more about the odor/fumes."
"I've used Rain-X products on and off for years.  While Rain-X does shed water from the windshield as advertised, be advised that it leaves a hazy film on the windshield that produces a glare when illuminated by overhead street lights and on-coming traffic lights, which dangerously impairs vision and the ability to see the road ahead of you.  This is true during daytime driving, but is more so while driving at night, especially as you pass underneath amber-colored street lights.  Once applied, Rain-X is difficult to remove and takes quite a while to wear off by itself.  After a recent windshield replacement, to which I applied Rain-X, I realized just how badly my vision was imparied by using this product.  Glass cleaner didn't seem to work, so to remove the Rain-X, I resorted to a super-concentrated windshield cleaner.  It took several attempts, and a lot of elbow grease, but I eventually was able to remove the product from my windshield.  I tossed the remaining Rain-X products in the trash so my kids won't be tempted to use it on their car windshields."
"They shipped this in a box with no wrapping around it. This allowed cardboard dust to get all over it. There is a ton of lint and residue left behind. I bought these for auto detailing mainly to remove wax or quick detail. I would not use to buff wax. The residue is annoying. Buy a better quality cloth."
"These are perfect for someone who has some extra cash that they'd prefer to waste, but doesn't have a lighter handy to just burn it.As other have said... cheap, thin, non-absorbent. The reverse side has some kind of fish-netting. God forbid you're cleaning something recklessly and accidentally get a wipe in with any part of the fish-net facing downward... you'll have some nice scratches in your paint, or plastic, or whatever it is you like to polish.To make things even weirder... they have tags on them... and they're on the microfiber side!! What??? Yep. It's a 1-sided product, and they put the tag on the only usable side... genius! Have some scissors ready to cut those off."
"As others have mentioned, these have a plastic mesh on one side so you can only use once side of each cloth. The mesh also makes it very precarious and frustrating to use.They do clean glass quite well although in the future I will likely look to another microfiber cloth that doesn't have one side which is useless. In fact, after only a few uses, I grew fed-up with these and tossed them in the trash."
"Looks cheap.  The hooks sit out too far, so I don't feel comfortable leaving them hanging in the car...I don't want someone to accidentally snag themselves or hit their face on this in the back seat...especially with a child in the back."
"Let me say that for the price ($6.50) it's hard to complain.They are a heavy gauge steel and look like they will hold up to a reasonable amount of weight (that is, I doubt you'd have anything in a grocery bag that would create a problem for them.They came a little bent up...easily fixed.What I didn't like was that the protective end was not plastic or rubber, but wood - 2 of them were delivered unattached to the ends of the hooks  - and just like in the picture of one of the other reviewers, one of them split in half when I tried to put it back on.I need to find some new caps to replace the wood - as the ends are just a little jagged without the protective ends on - I suggest that the manufacturer switch to plastic or rubber - and something that stays on.------------------UPDATE: Downgraded my review...Soon all of the wooden caps had broken off. This created a hazard for little kids in the back seat as well as my flip up rear seat... They are only useful if they are in the car - and I had to take them out to save eyes and upholstery."
"We own an Air-O-Swiss AOS 7135 ultrasonic humidifier.  For a few weeks now, the machine has indicated, through its warning light, that it required cleaning.  Our Air-O-Swiss 7135 is hyper-sensitive; its warning light goes on with the tiniest (invisible) speck.  So, initially we bought Air-O-Swiss EZ Cal Cleaner / Descaler.  Didn&#8217;t do the trick!  Thereafter we replaced the Demineralization Cartridge (and contents.)  Still no change.  Even after following the instructions to the letter and cleaning with specialized brushes, our humidifier wouldn&#8217;t extinguish its cleaning light.  So, last resort, this EZCal Pro. Again, applied the product as instructed; without success.  So, our humidifier is presently running with the irritating little light on, but operating as it should be nevertheless.  The EZ Cal Cleaner / Descaler and the EZCal Pro liquid didn&#8217;t do wonders in our case either.  So, can't say that we're thrilled with the Air-O-Swiss maintenance products.  In the future we'll stick to vinegar or some other generic decalcification agent."
"OK, I purchased this for my bike, because I had a good experience with another accutire pressure gauge.But this one &#34;sucks&#34;. It worked ok when I first got it, but after 2 years the battery went dead and I only used it maybe 20 times. My other accutire pressure gauge is 10 years old and I'm still on the original battery. So I purchased a new battery and found out you have to take this whole thing apart, to get to where the battery is buried. So I take it apart very carefully, not to lose these very small parts and replaced the battery. So happy with my battery install, I go out to my garage and try it out and all I get is 1 psi on the lcd, so I try a different car, same thing 1 psi. This is a disposable item, when the battery dies you just throw it away and buy a new one. No thanks, I will keep using my analog pressure gauge."
"Don't believe the ad statement 'heavy duty cord' translates into 'heavy duty' anything, other than maybe rubber insulation. THIS IS FOR LOW-POWER ITEMS ONLY!!! It is 20-AWG wire inside, barely enough wire diameter to run a 5-watt speaker. If you think you are going to plug in a tire inflator, a 1,000,000 candle spotlight, etc., you are SADLY MISTAKEN. This is NOT, repeat NOT heavy duty. It is a crime that the wire AWG (American Wire Gauge) is not listed in the specs. Otherwise, you would know that plugging in a heavy amperage load is either going to burn this up in a split second, or turn it into a heater coil and set your car on fire when you try. If you want to charge a cell phone, an iPad, etc. on it, go ahead, no problem. But the problem is, most people buy an extension cord for a cigarette lighter to do something with a heavy amp load outside of the vehicle. This WILL NOT support a heavy amp load."
"I bought this in May of 2013 and it's now September 1, 2013. I tried to use this cord for the first time over the Labor Day weekend holiday with no results. Michigan summers feels many times like your in Kentucky with the heat & humidity. With that said, I needed something to cool me down camping along the West Michigan shorelines. The Endless Breeze did a great job of that but I needed an extension cord to run it. I finally opened this extension cord up and tried to use it. NOTHING! I thought that maybe I needed to check the fuse? So I did and guess what. It didn't even have the capability of using a fuse. That's dangerous and could blow an electronic device up...I notified Amazon and as usual, they gave me an opportunity to send it back even though I'm out of the return date. Thanks Amazon, your the best."
"So, I bought this after the tool said this would fit my car. Well, after some further research and trying to install it I found that it doesn't go in my car nor does my model even take a cabin filter."
"it was hard to fit or put inDid I say I smell Chinese dung..well does not fit like it was made for the carI smell Chinese dung.. don't you"
"terrible piece of item i have ever purchased.i threw away the product, and purchased a better product at walmart."
"Did not fit my car's filter harness after Amazon's compatibility tool said it would, there was a 1.5&#34; gap compared to the OEM filter, I have a 2006 Honda Civic Si - steer clear of this if you own the same car"
"These are ok. They keep the water from reaching the floor, but without ridges - they also keep the water to where it hits your shoes. In and out of the car in snowy and icy conditions and you can be damn sure that you are going to end up getting freezing water in your shoes as an unpleasant surprise. They are hard to empty without spilling because of the lack of a lip on the front of the liner. So, you either wait till the water drys on its own - which doesn't happen in winter, soak it up with a towel, or attempt to empty it and end up with water exactly where it wasn't supposed to go. However they probably work fine for sandy or muddy conditions, as they are pretty easy to clean off. Overall, there are better options and I wish I had gone with one of the other options instead."
"I won't recommend this product. I have a compressor for my car (12V) and I bought this. It dosen't work"
"I was using this to power my Viair 00073 70P Heavy Duty Portable Compressor but with 6amp it doenst do the Job, returned it and went with Schumacher 1216 12V 15 Amp Power Converter, good to go!"
"We have these on the awning of our RV. The metal portion rusted the first season we use them. Would not buy replacements."
"I use my battery tender a lot, so I just throw it in a plastic shopping bag rather then to stuff it in this little case. I ended up using this case for small parts, etc, then to store the battery tender (that I like!) in it. It just needs to be a little larger."
"I previously owned the cable luber that only  has 1 thumb screw.  Could never get that one to work.  I thought this one would do the trick.  I could not get this one to work as well."
"First off, let me say that I am highly doubtful that this pump could possibly reach 300psi.  It's a cheap auto pump equipped with a cheap, dim safety light.  The digital pressure gauge doesn't seem to work at all.  Mine jumps around from 14psi to 98psi in moments. If you want to use the digital display more than once, you have to unplug and replug the unit.  Stupid.  There are much, much better products out there.  Keep looking."
"I tried this one one of my tires when I unboxed it, and when it shut off the display would never come back on.  I was ready to give up right there until I saw another reviewer had a similar issue, and that it would work again after being unplugged from power and plugged back in.  Right there, that makes this unit a fail for me since if you have to remove power between wheels, it becomes much more of a pain to deal with.  But a few days later, it actually did NOT kill the display after shutting off automatically with one tire, so it wasn't just by design, it seems to just be totally intermittent.The ability to set a pressure and let it stop when it hits that pressure is a great concept, but this thing hasn't worked anything nearly as advertised.  I set if for 38 PSI, since my tires max at 44, and the manufacturer suggests 33, but I like a little stiffer wheels than that.  On one tire it shut off about 37.5, on another I had to stop it at 39 myself because it never did shut off.  On the other two it was about 37.5 or so, acceptable.  You can pick in 1 PSI increments above 30, and it reads in 1/2 PSI increments.  But when I tested with a very good tire pressure gauge, the readings this was giving was really around the scale.  The tire that was inflated to 39 PSI before I shut it off myself was actually at 41.  One of the ones that shut off about 37.5, one was actually 35, one was actually 37.Then there's the issue with the rubber inside the valve piece.  The very first tire I put this on and then removed, a piece of the rubber seal inside the nozzle fell to the floor.  It's like it's dry rotted already or something.  And the plastic lever to lock and unlock is not very strong at all, and bends to the point I'm afraid it will snap when I'm putting it on or off.Nothing about this unit screams quality, which would explain the low price.  The concept is good, but the execution failed in many, many ways."
"There are better choices in air compressors than this unit. I don't like the fact that the digital gauge stops working after it reaches the preset pressure.  The unit must be unplugged and plugged in again to get the gauge working again.  Also, the gauge is not very accurate.  The compressor takes too long to inflate my car tires to the correct pressure (32psi). It may be good for light duty stuff like pool floats and the like but it is not powerful enough to inflate auto and truck tires. This may be a good compressor to leave in the car for emergencies but there are better choices. I purchased this Campbell Hausfield compressor for under $20 several years ago and it is still working great (but it doesn't have a pressure gauge):Campbell Hausfeld RP1200 12-Volt Compact Inflator"
"I bought this for automotive detailing (interior, engine bay, wheels, etc).  This product falls short in two very important areas.  1) the bristles are not stiff enough to do any real cleaning.  You apply pressure and it loses shape very quickly to the point where you are dragging the sides of the bristles around the area you are trying to clean.  2) it sheds like CRAZY.  I've used these brushes half a dozen times already and they are still shedding.  Whatever I'm cleaning ends up with loose bristles all over them."
"This is a very easy to use gauge that allows for negative adjustment by simply tapping the button on the side to release air while watching the reading. It seems well made and, I hate to say, I have dropped it a couple of times but with no ill effects. Other reviews have led me to believe that Slime makes some of the most accurate gauges out there.Update: 10/1/13 It is now 9 lbs off for no apparent reason and is worthless."
"First time I zipped pants leg the zipper broke off right in my hand lol now that's quality. Buy something else!"
"I liked the look of these when they arrived. However they are not very heavy gauge metal and bend easily when installed onto the tail lights. The only good thing about this, is that they bend back into place just as easily as they had bent out of shape. Nice looking , but need to be better made."
"The fender flares arrived ahead of the scheduled delivery date! The passenger side front fender has a flaw in it!  The side moldings do not fit flush against the fender flares?  The only positive is that the fenders where easy to install! I would not recommend this product to other!"
"It's a little to small to fit my license plate. Anyway I didn't want to take the time to send it back and look for another one so I made it fit mine I just used a pair of tin snips and trimmed off a small piece of the license plate along the bottom. It can't be seen since it's behind the frame. Works fine but I shouldn't have had to do anything so it's pretty bad when you can't make something to fit what it's supposed to fit. How hard would it be to measure a few different states license plates and make it big enough to fit the largest one?"
"Cheap plastic that cracks easily and a waste of time.Get something that costs more and made better.the end"
"Seems well made however it is pretty slow pumping 10w30 oil at room temp. (the engine should be warmed up)The plastic clip (used to pinch off the line) until vacuum is built up, seems to deform the plastic tubing further slowing down flow.I just ordered a 3/8"" fuel on/off valve (for under $5.00 on Amazon)and will eliminate that clip which should help.5-12-14 update.  Removed the plastic pinch ""valve"" and put on the above brass, 3/8"" on/off valve.  This valve definitly seals better and may allow more flow as the hose isn't pinched at all anymore.  It still takes much longer to pump 10w30 oil than I expected, count on a half hour for 4 quarts..If I knew (and I did watch a video showing oh well it worked) HOW SLOW this is, I would have simply purchased (and still may) an electric pump."
"I guess that I'm ""Old School"" but this product is not for me.First:  As others have stated, spatter is a problem - no matter how careful you are.Second:  There's not a lot of surface contact area, so it takes a long time to get anywhere.Third:  Even if you are careful in squezing out the ball after you wash it, it takes a very long time (days) to dry out.My suggestion is to take some fluffy old athletic socks and do the job by hand.  That's a lot of work, but it seems to go faster than with the ball - it's also easier to judge where you have been.Disclaimer - My experience is limited and I have only tried this product on an old car that has set unwaxed for nearly 30 years.  If your car is newer and the paint has been kept up, you may have better luck with the ball.  I plan to try it on a Honda CR-V with nice paint and will provide an update following that.Hopefully the next experience will be magical..."
"I am reading lots of bad reviews on these pigtails.  What worries me the most is some seem to be shipping with a different thread type and people are stripping them trying to make them work.  Why the heck can't these be standardized?  I've also read that some come with different sizes of NPT as well as different thread types.  It seems that what is listed is not always what you order, and on top of that, someone like me, who does not know how to recognize the different thread types and sizes won't even know if I received the correct part or the wrong part.I recommend you double check your part number on the hose before installing them to avoid stripping your regulator.I thought, why not use quick connect hoses to connect my regulator to my appliance.  It seems these mate up nice to other quick connects--but only if made by CAMCO, and then these quick connect fittings don't mate up easily to the other parts like regulators etc.  WTF?  I need still another adapter?  And some people tell me perhaps multiple adapters to make it all work?  I'm not going to use three different adapters to mate up a quick connect.  That means I have a huge lunking thing sticking out ready to be damaged, knocked out of place, that is sure to leak out all my expensive propane.Ok, so I called CAMCO.  I wanted to be sure I ordered the right part and spoke to two different people at CAMCO that blew me off.  It seems Camco parts don't necessarily fit each other.  And they don't sell adapters to make them fit. It would be great if they could provide some customer support and perhaps make up some custom hoses to help people make things work.I give this a 1 star because CAMCO's huge fail in helping me put together a system that will allow me to hook up external tanks to my RV.One star also, because they ship different types of hose fittings and buyers don't know what they are getting.Honestly, I'd like to order one of every one of their parts and analyze them.  I'm an engineer, and if I can't figure out what to order, based on conflicting information--reviews that report receiving different size fittings 1/4&#34; npt than specified 3/8&#34; npt, and a multitude of part numbers--and a need for adapters when a buyer should be able to buy everything he or she needs without an adapter---it all tells me CAMCO has not thought out how their products are used.Think about it, there are only so many way propane tanks, hoses and appliances are hooked up. I don't see any need for adapter other than those that attach to the tanks."
"Use a 6 gal plastic gas can. Been using mine for 8 years so far."
"For almost $9 this is too much. I recycle my old 1 gallon milk jugs and take them to my auto store for recycling. This is much easier on the wallet since you already bought the milk."
"The tolerances on the threads of this container are poor.  Granted, it is quite inexpensive and the consumer can only expect so much at this price point.  I have tested about a dozen of these containers sold at various retail outlets.  Not a single one could be tightened such that I was unable to squeeze air out of it.  While this may not be a problem for highly viscous oil, other more volatile compounds which may contaminate the oil could leak out.Ironically, you can purchase a similarly sized kitty liter container at Aldi for the same price.  Use the litter for an oil absorbent if you don't own a cat."
"During the first week the ANCO wiper was on the drivers side of my outdoor-only car, we had 80+ degree weather, rain, sleet & snow.  The ANCO wiper started leaving a small eye-level streak after 4 days. The streak is faint, but definitely there, and, annoyingly, right at eye level.My passenger side wiper,ACDelco 22ACD Clear Vision Wiper Blade with Wear Indicator - 22"" (Pack of 1), has been on my car since the beginning of the year and has been through multiple snow storms and freezing temperatures. The AC Delco wiper continues to be streak-free.I am going to put the drivers side ACDelco wiper back on my car. It has a higher profile arm, but it does a great job."
"These did not fit my '08 suburban, the description said w/ 9x3 hook, so I assumed that to be included. It wasn't and I was unable to use these on my '08 suburban."
"I really do like beam style wipers. They don't rust. They look nicer than the old fashioned style of wiper and they perform better in most instances... except this one.The 22"" ANCO Contour wiper I mounted on the driver's side of my 2007 Hyundai Accent (a parts match fit according to Amazon's part finder) won't conform completely or correctly to the curvature of the windshield. It leaves a section of the windshield partially wiped putting a streak of water a couple inches wide and right in my line of sight. I've tried cleaning the window and wiping down the blade but nothing solves the issue. A visual inspection of the 22"" blade reveals no physical defects or flaws.The 16"" ANCO Contour blade I have installed on the passenger side of my Accent clears the window without this problem.I have also noticed that at highway speeds above 65 MPH both blades seem to lift off the windshield and are less effective at clearing water away even though these blades have a spoiler built into them to cut down on this high speed problem.I really wanted to like these blades. They fit on my car without the need of a bulky and unsightly adapter like some other brands require you to use. Unfortunately looks aren't really an important feature in a wiper blade, performance is. And unfortunately these blades... just don't cut it.{Update}After just a couple weeks on the vehicle the 22"" wiper on the driver's side is leaving a four to six inch wide section of the windshield, right in my line of sight, only partially cleared. Review dropped to one star, blades tossed in the trash."
"These wipers were installed on my Prius. I've had it for several years and the original wipers were just not cleaning as they used to.  I was surprised that this small car needed a wiper that was longer than the ones my 4 Runner uses.I'm not sure why, but the larger blade started to leave about 2 to 3 inches smeared in the middle of the blade. I have reinstalled it, used my old trick of diluted vinegar to clean the blade and the windscreen and it still does not do an adequate job. The smaller blade is working fine, but this larger one will definitely need to be replaced before the next few days of inclement weather."
"what junk, scratches way too easy and was scratched when i got them, threw away, dont waste your money is you ipe or wash your car."
"i was pulled over in texas and my wife just got pulled over in vegas for having the tinted one on. Just another reason for pigs to pull you over. Ours have been on our car for six years,now all the sudden you cant have them on ur car. I Was told only on the back,its illegal,i will wait for them to Make me take mine off :-)"
"It works well for a few days and after that I have to dump my tank and deposit more Bio-Paks. I just don't know, I may be doing something wrong. But, I don't think so because I am following the directions on the package. If any one has some tips please post them...................."
"I was hoping this tool to be good, but it has poor design. In my honest opinion, the tool is way too big/tall and heavy because 50% of the time I can't take a tread reading because the tool is too big to fit in between the tire and the upper wheel walls on most of the cars I work on. This thing weighs like 1/2 pound and that's just way too heavy for a tire tread gauge. It does feel rock solid sturdier though, but it too difficult to use because it's hard to quickly retract the measuring point in between taking readings."
""
"Bought from Amazon back in April 2012, didn't try to use it until just recently. My Yokahama GeoLander tires when brand new had 13/32 of tread. Using this Fowler digital gauge, it told me I had 23/32 of tread???  How is that possible, these tires are magically growing more rubber!!  I checked on multiple spots on the tires and was always around 23/32, so at least that part is consistent. I went to the Fowler home page and emailed them last week, have yet to get a response.I ended up purchasing from amazon the Milton S448 Tire Tread Depth Gauge---Works like a charm and much much cheaper!!!  Not sure why the Fowler gives me the whacked out reading (took out battery and replaced it)but I guess there are always defective ones--especially when dealing with anything electronic---Another reason to go with the Milton tread gauge--very basic, yet it works."
"First I must say I hate purchasing tools that only do one thing...(uni-tasker).  I purchased this socket tool, becouse I had to.  Not becase I wanted to, but quickly found out I need another socket to turn it... and here's the kicker.  The socket is bigger then standard set 19mm or 3/4!  So you have go out and purchase a 15/16 or 24mm socket, which is a huge socket.  I will never use this socket unless I own a diesel truck.  Add that to the cost of the wrench. So about 8 dollars for the socket and the price of tool, just to get started.  The oil filter wasn't on too tight, so the cheaper plastic tool worked out just fine for me.  The 24mm socket stays on the aluminum tool and should ship like that.  Waste of time and money for a tool that only does one task...."
"I wanted to cover my spare. Received this the day before I went out of town. Right out of the box, one of the seams at the black cording was already frayed. Poor quality, but you get what you pay for."
"Vinyl is lined with fleece-like material; entire sleeve is very pliable (just warm it up before putting them on).  Straps are canvass cord with plastic buckles.  Highly recommended.*Update 10/27/2013: barely had these 2 & 1/2 months (purchased August 7, 2013) and one of the plastic buckle clips have broken.  I put them on once for about 1 & 1/2 months, removed them for a month to camp, and just went to put them back on.  The clip on one of them just fell apart in my hands.  Very cheap - DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!"
"These are cheap and barely cover the tops of the tires.  It is also very difficult to maneuver the elastic strap around the back of the tire so it can latch to the other elastic strip.  I literally have to use a stick, wrap the long strap around it and push it so I can grab it at the other side.  I would think it would be a better design to put elastic all the way around so the tires would be completely covered without having to awkwardly strap it down."
"These fit perfectly on my tires but the straps that go around to hold them in place were not easy to connect. I had to climb under the 5th wheel to connect the buckles. Normally this would not be a problem except I park the RV in a gravel lot. Just be aware of how they secure on the back side."
"Returned this.  Fit was... okay.... but with only flimsy magnets to hold it in place, there was no way it was going to stay put in a 50-60 mph wind.  I wasn't willing to risk it."
"I really wanted this to work, it's exactly what I wanted. The massive tip on the end and the side spring design causes it to pop-out of my lighter socket.I liked the idea of the covers and it feels well built.Description should have said something about required socket depth...I supposed it will work in a deeper socket, just not mine. Bummer."
"I try it out in my car with a voltage meter and it would not work. I check to see if I had fully mated to make sure I had power. Fortunately for me, I touch my meter and it was very warm to the touch. I unplugged it and let it cool off. I remove the adapter and plug my meter directly into the lighter. Fortunately, my meter still works. I thought the adapter had shorted my meter. The green light on the adapter shows it was getting power from my car battery but there must be an internal short which heated up my volt meter. I guess you get what you paid for."
"Walmart sells it for $ 14.99. Amazon needs to drop the price to at least $ 14.99.Edit:Does what it says it does and does it well. 5 stars for the product itselfThanks to Amazon for adjusting the price to market conditions. 5 stars for the price also."
"I ordered based on product name, not size. Next time I'll order by size. Well made, but the connection is a littke weird."
"I've got a Suburban furnace (model NT16S, if curious) and while these do fit the diameter of the openings, and the springs hold them on, with the suburban design, there is a big open gap at the bottom underneath the bottom screen.  It's the way the outside plate is molded.. it's raised most of the way around, except from about 5 o'clock to 7 o'clock.  There the screen bridges over the open gap and defeats the purpose.... any bug that wanted in could get in.  (Granted, it would stop a mouse.)You'd be better off, if you have this design, getting a rectangular one that covers the whole plate.  That's what I'll try next.Still giving it 2 stars because I'm sure they'd work fine on a different model, but they should say what models these fit."
"The issue I had with these gloves is they are so thin that just the rough handling of the fittings can tear through them. There are better gloves out there (which are probably more expensive), so I suppose you get what you pay for.One thing I found funny. The package also doubles as a case and they give you double-sided tape so you can mount it on a wall, etc.But to use it, you have to break open the &#34;slot&#34; which turns the packaging into a dispenser, remove the gloves (the gloves are sealed in another piece of plastic, and remove the double-sided tape, which is also inside.  But the glove bundle is physically larger than the slot, so you end up having a hard time removing the gloves as well as re-inserting them after removing the inner glove package."
"I travel all summer. I am dumping tanks a few times a week. I need a disposable glove to keep my hands from getting dirty with waste so I can toss them and get in the truck to drive off to my next stop.These I would not consider nothing more than cheap thin plastic gloves. Baggie sandwich bags would work as good and fit as good. Maybe even work better as baggies dont rip as easy as these. Save your money and the frustration.They dont fit, they rip so easy and usually fall of half way through and are ripped. So I end up having to wash up in the end like I never used any gloves at all.  I would buy good latex gloves that fit snug and wont rip so easily."
"Purchased these glove to use when dumping my tank on my RV.  I was not very satifiedy with this product.  The problem that I had was that before you could get them on you hands the glove would come apart and either they would rip at the finger holes or just come apart putting them on.  They are very thin to use and I believe one size fits all. When I did use them I ended up using several gloves just to get the tanks emptied.I ended up buying a box of rubber gloves to use.  That were 100% better then these very thin gloves. Sorry, I would not recommend this product for dumping your tanks.."
"Too light.  Flimsy and just about useless.  Great for new RV/Camper owners that are afraid they'll get their hands dirty while dumping their RV/Camper tanks.  They don't fit well, slide around on your hands."
"To thin. Ripped before the job was done. I tossed them and got a heavier glove. Don't waste your money."
"Had some fogging and discoloration on the top edges of my headlights on my 08 civic. Tried out this kit because it was cheaper than having a pro do it. Now I wish I had just paid the extra to begin with. I meticulously followed the directions and went through every step of the process and my end result was worse than where I started. Instead of some fogging at the tops of the lights I now have swirl marks and a hazy look over the entire light. When looking on an angle the lights appear totally white and even from a distance don't have that new looking shine that they had even when they were fogged. I would not recommend this unless you like cheap looking fixes. Also I scratched my fender because one of the pads Velcro tore loose while I was sanding, not 100% the kits fault but still very infuriating.EDIT:After cursing myself for hours I decided I had to fix this. I got out multiple polishes and products that I know are from a reputable company(Meguiar's). With these I polished over the headlight many times and made them look as this kit should have done. The results were great and can be seen in a side by side comparison in the photos I added. I still do not recommend this kit at all because it is far from complete and for the non car enthusiast that is the difference form a good outcome and a horrible disappointment. Also if you do any type of restoration on headlights you remove any remaining clear coat on the lights so they may re-yellow or fog quickly. To prevent this it is a good idea to seal them with something like Opti-Lens or Opti-Coat, they are expensive but work extremely well."
"Heavy grade plastic I just don't like how they look on my jeep took them out and took the loss. Live and learn"
"Cheap and thin. Fit ok but was worried it would either rip in the wind or blow off the spare so I returned it. Painless return process from Amazon, 5 stars for that, anyway."
"I bought some of this at my local harbor freight anddid not have good results.  I wanted to remove some rust from and repaint my skid plates for the SUV.  After reading the directions I sanded down the worst spots, covered the parts in paper towels, soaked in the evapo-rust and covered the paper towels with saran wrap to prevent evaporation.  After leaving it sit for 12 hours (the maximum recommended period of time) there was no difference.  The parts were still as rusty as ever.If you have large parts that need rust removal I recommend naval jelly first and foremost.  It is a thick gel that you paint on and it eats away the rust within 15-20 minutes.  Handle with extreme care because it is highly corrosive, but you will get the results you're after.  In a pinch the napa brand is almost as good and readily available."
"feels like i am being choked to death but does keep my neck warm. a similar material but scarf like would be better"
"Product clips are very flimsy. I would not trust this net on my car during highway driving. As soon as I put it on my roof-top carrier the two opposing corners came apart. On close inspection I realized the corners were simply tied together just as you would tie your shoes. Very dangerous and sloppy workmanship. I was very fortunate the item came apart during installation and not on the road. If you zoom in closely on the product pix you'll notice the two corners tied together, those are the 2 failure points. NOTE: the net was not stressed nor overstretched during installation in order to cause this type of failure. Be safe on the road, stay away from this item."
"some people bought it because the design positions the light to the side and makes driving easier since the light wont block your view while driving and THATS VERY true, it works and thats the reason why i bought it, the problems i had and the reasons i returned it and gave it two stars is 1) it came with its own screws which was a plus BUT screws started to rust, and at that time we just hit fall no snow yet !!  2) the design made it so hard to adjust the lights, i have the rigged indust. D2 lights and it was hard to get the light to go a bit higher it stayed down lighting most of my hood which was very annoying and distracting  3) it came with two 4 pieces of double sided stickers ( 2 for each side) to protect the surface of the paint they were so thin i decided to go to the hardware store and buy 3M double sided stickers my mistake was using the stickers that came with the brackets and the ones i bought ! i found out about this after i took them off is the 2pieces that came with the bracket  didn't protect my paint and saw lots of scratches but the other ones i bought from the store held up pretty goodi ended up buying Rugged Ridge 11027.03 Black Windshield Hinge Light Bracket and its much much better choice and since my lights arent as huge as some i dont have any problems with my lights sticking up a lil"
"I have bike racks, step hitches and trailer hitch attachments and none of them fit as poorly as this.  I'm using a Curt hitch receiver, btw.  It is a good 1/4"" off on the sides.  I would never drive around with this thing clanging away at the hitch and possibly bending the pin and damaging the hitch receiver.  This is strictly a vehicle toolbox attachment to only be installed when you get stuck.  It's a shame because the quality otherwise seems top notch."
"Pulled my Jeep out of a puddle with a moderate tug and it has begun to fray after one use.  Looks like it will be around for a little longer, but I didn't expect that to happen."
"Lots of mixed reviews on this one but I thought I would give it a try.This product WILL NOT fit ANY &#34;D&#34; cell Mag Lite. The strap that loops over the head of the flashlight is way too short and can not be modified. I didn't want to go buy a &#34;C&#34; cell maglite so  back it goes."
"I have purchased this gauge from another catalog company several years ago and was very pleased with the quality and performance and features of this type of gauge.  UNFORTUNATELY, this gauge purchased on Amazon is terrible.  I don't know if this is a knockoff or if this company is allowing other manufacturers to manufacture under license but the one I got is terrible. The locking chuck on my previous purchases would clip on and stay locked on tight to my tire valve.  The ones here do not stay locked on.  The second I let go of pushing it on the valve, the pressure drops to zero.  I contacted the manufacturef on the package - GH Meiser - and they were so kind as to send me replacement chucks but these were only marginally better.  But when I tried inflating my tire thru this gauge, the gauge reading would swing all the way past 100 as the compressor was pumping air.  This is not the way my previous years' purchases behaved.  If the recommended pressure was 35, my old Accugauges would read around 40-ish as the compressor was running....not swing wildly to 100 as this one does.  I won't buy this gauge thru Amazon anymore, as a previous Accugage I bought a couple of weeks earlier was also returned for non-locking chuck."
"This is only fair. The clip mechanism does not hold well to a valve stem and must be frequently readjusted."
"I had this gauge for about a year and was very pleased with the accuracy and handiness, but the first time I dropped it, it was finished. I took it apart and found the little ball had broken off the stem that provides the seal in the gauge. It looked like it had been glued on.Before I dropped it, it worked great. So much for the rubber armor on the gauge."
"Loses accuracy after riding in the saddle bag for a while. I filled up tires with a portable compressor with digital gauge, that shuts off at designated PSI. Double check with this EZ Air Gauge and had to let like 10 pounds out.I think to myself, this isn't right so double check pressure with a pen gauge from the car, and sure enough tire is 10 pounds light. Either my portable compressor and pen gauge are lying identically, or this gauge has lost it's accuracy.I will know for sure how much it's off once I get the chance to swing it by a tire shop.All of this may seem minor but on a motorcycle 10 pounds can become a huge safety concern. A gauge that is more than 3-4 pounds off will go in the trash. My safety is worth more than the 5-10 bucks I save on a bargain gauge."
"It works pretty well for light use after I cut off the cigarette lighter power plug and replaced it with a10 GAUGE 2 PIN QUICK DISCONNECT HARNESS, into which I can plug a set ofBattery Tender 081-0069-4 Alligator Clips with Black 2-Pin Quick Disconnect Plugor plug directly into aBattery Tender 081-0069-6 Ring Terminal Harness with Black Fused 2-Pin Quick Disconnect Plugattached to my motorcycle battery. It works pretty well now with a direct connection to the battery, especially if the car/motorcycle engine is running.With that modification, this little pump is fine for bicycle and motorcycle tires and for topping off a slightly low car tire, but I wouldn't want to use it to fully inflate a full-sized car or truck tire from beginning to end. The little pump gets pretty hot after a couple of minutes.The gauge on mine is fairly accurate, close enough to be considered reliable.Before I modified the power connector, it continually blew fuses, and, after putting in a stronger fuse, the connection got exceedingly hot after only a few minutes of use. My new connections don't get hot at all."
"8 x 4 x 11!!! Dont make my mistake, this thing is tiny, check the dimensions. At nearly $13 you would think it would be of some size? Wrong, again, my fault for not reading. Should be advertised and a bathroom trash can. There is no way this is worth $13 bucks!"
"These seemed like a nice, cheap way to darken up our RV for sleeping in, and keep out unwanted solar heating.  However, we really want and need them most when it's hottest outside.  We've had 100 degree weather this week.  I installed these on the door and ceiling skylight, by simply peeling the backing off some Velcro tabs and sticking it between the mat and the window box.Unfortunately after the sun had been beating on ours for about an hour, the Velcro glue let go, and the covers fell off.  The Velcro stuck to the window and skylight, but it pulled off the shiny chrome window covers.  It sticks fine when it's cool, but that defeats the purpose of being a ""sunshield"".  Now I'm concerned that the glue will take the finish off the windowframe if I pull the Velcro tabs back off.I wanted these to be easily removable. Good idea, but I don't know how you fix that without screwing them down or something else that will leave permanent, unsightly residue or hardware.  ???Buy some custom-fit window shades instead.  Your local home-improvement store can help, give you options, and cut them to size."
"The velcro that is sent with it is not very good...on hot days in the RV they fall off and they tear easy."
"It is too small for my standard sized RV door which makes me wonder what sort of very thin door it is made for."
"This item is very cheaply made and the Velcro that it come with does not stay stuck.  As soon as the Velcro heats up is falls off of the RV window.  I had to go but industrial strength Velcro to attach it with and it seems to work pretty good.  Just be careful when removing them from your window because they will tear very easily.  Also, if you are looking for something to keep the light out this is NOT the product!  It will filter some of the light out but if I had to guess I would say that it only filters about fifty percent of it out.  Oh well, lesson learned.  I would not recommend this product unless you are willing to go buy some industrial strength Velcro.  Disappointed in this product.  You get what you pay for and it is Not made in the USA therefore you judge the quality of it!Update:  I gave in and bought some industrial strength Velcro, it is black Velcro, and took the Velcro off that came with them and applied the industrial strength Velcro.  They stay in place now and the Do help to keep the sun out.  They do not darken the room to a blackout but they do help.  Happy now that I solved the problem of them staying put in place!"
"Was hoping they would fit into my BMW e46 and save me $40, but they were 1&#34; too short. on the drivers side long one. they were almost there...why won't anyone make a refill that fits my BMW you'd sell a boat load."
"The problem with this wash mop is that the head falls off the handle quite easily. If you try to shake it off to get some rinse water out the whole head pops right off. Obviously this is very annoying. And this problem occurred from day 1 it is not that the thing was abused over time."
"This thing will break within 5 minutes of your first use.  The plastic which holds the head on is incredible thin and unable to move without the wash head flying off."
"Went to screw on the pump to a quart of oil and cheap plastic lid broke right off.  After fabricating another lid, found that this will work good for topping off the transmission fluid, but not for a fluid change as it took 15 minutes for about 6 ounces of fluid to transfer.  Used the old fashioned tube and upside down bottle instead."
"Put this in my 04 Jeep TJ (NV3550) and like other reviews on here, it seems to work great in there. Not sure what fluid was in it before and I didn't notice a massive improvement or anything, but shifts smooth and no issues so far. Good price too. Recommended. The NV3550 takes exactly two bottlesUpdate: It has been cold the past few days (-10C) and my Jeep is extremely hard to get into gear for the first 5km or so. Wasn't doing this before the fluid change. It seems to work fine above 0 though. Just an FYI for anyone living in colder climates"
"This negative (One Star) review is due to Amazon's problem with their matrix for ""what part fits a particular vehicle"" - I would rate Mann Oil filter at FIVE Stars. I needed an Oil Filter (Mann) for a 2006 BMW 325 Ci Convertible. Amazon's fit guide steered me towards the Mann HU 816 - long story short, the HU 816 does NOT fit my vehicle.  I needed a Mann HU-925 (I had to go to a different web site for fit, and verification).  I still ordered the correct filter via Amazon because Amazon has the best price. One Star to Amazon's Vehicle Fit Guide, and Five Star for the Mann Filter."
"This thing didn't fit into my 2006 Honda Civic. It's supposed to, but the frame was not trimmed correctly. The build quality is poor."
"It did not fit and I returned it. I ordered a FRAM and it fit right in. Plus FRAM had a rebate."
"Why not just keep your tools and other rust-prone items in a dry place?  This is a great idea if you've got things you absolutely can't keep out of rust-prone locations, but at the same time you have to replace these little units every three months and the area they cover is minimal.  These little inhibitors start to add up...fast.  Great concept, but it should really last longer, especially for the price."
"First off, I could not see any benefit using this product in my toolbox. It's a 30-day product so what's the point? I suggest priming and painting any metal items to prevent rust."
"I expected to be able to just put this product in a toolbox, gun case, boat, etc and forget about it. But to my surprise, it only lasts 90 days! I'm not sure I fully understand this, if the product vapors a corrosion protection on the contents of the toolbox then why does it have to be replaced? The only reason I can think of is that if the tools are used then the protection is lost. There are tool box drawer liners that do not have time limitations that would be significantly cheaper in the long run. And it is only good for 2 cubic feet of space, it says that this is the size of an average tool box, most of mine are quite a bit bigger than that. Wiping tools down with an oily rag would also be a lot cheaper. If this product lasted for a year, it might be worthwhile but there are so many other cheaper ways to protect tools and equipment from rust and corrosion. But if you have an enclosure or equipment that cannot be protected any other way, then this product might be worthwhile (if you can remember to replace it and have access to it)."
"Mine has never been used and paint chipped off.  Can be a real tight fit too (can make it work still but the foam gasket has to compress way too far)."
"I ordered this before measuring (a big mistake) the distance from the plate to the hole and this wont fit many applications correctly. With the pin in the hole, the plate sticks out way too far from the receiver, over an inch and then rattles. I just threw it away as its too costly to send back. Drilling new holes would be difficult and then rust problems. BOTTOM line, measure your receiver application and then ask them if this unit will fit correctly before buying. Their specs should indicate the distance from the plate backing to the center of the hole."
"Thia says 500lb capacity, maybe right over the main support, but otherwise you should balance your load well and I will use straps to help support the outboard corners.  I kept it because it is a usefull thing, but not for a heavy items."
"The gloves looks great.  Looks like a quality built.  But after using 5 times, foam paddings from the inside started to come out.  Let's see how long it will last.UPDATE (9/17/2013)Developed a hole on one of the fingers with only about a month and a half of use.  Maybe about 10-15 rides.  I still like the fit and feel."
"Not sure why these ""guards"" are getting such rave reviews. Sure, they look cool, but the welds on the two vertical bars (which are weak in and of themselves) are absolutely terrible. If even a twig gets hung-up in those things, the weld will likely snap -- you might just snap them trying to get the things over your lights. If you're in this for the looks, go for it. If you want protection for your lights, go elsewhere."
"This item that I ordered twice in two different sizes. Always said it would fit my 2013 jeep wrangler sport unlimited. Never fits!! Says easy to install, but it does not go over the light cover. Really wanted this to work the second time. Chance the description and say doesn't fit 2013 jeeps."
"The bristles on this brush are long, but too spaced out to be effective on a multi-spoke wheel. If you have large, flat wheels, this will probably work OK, but it does a horrible job of actually cleaning anything completely. I use a second bucket for my wheels and just ended up using a different wash mitt. It takes easily 3-4x as long to clean a wheel with this brush completely as it does to simply use a mitt. Save your money and just buy a second bucket and a cheap wash mitt and call it a day. The only reason I didn't return it is because it's handy for washing my suspension and wheel wells, but it's a worthless wheel brush."
"great brush but it won't last very long - shows significant wear and tear after a few uses on my SUV's wheels - some of the polyester bristle is falling out already - will not buy again"
"Overall, there is nothing wrong with this brush, but it just doesn't seem to clean. I have a 2012 for explorer and this brush just doesn't seem to do anything between the spokes."
"I have a reasonable amount of experience doing car detailing, and I can say this brush really is not suitable for carpets.  I was surprised, as this brush has many positive reviews -- these people have to be tearing up their carpets and upholstery with this thing.The bristles are stiff, stiffer than most tire brushes.  I sure as heck wouldn't use this thing on the carpets in my car, it would destroy them.  I would be even less inclined to use this on my upholstery, it would tear right through it.  For under six dollars, I'm sure I will find some use for it, perhaps brushing out the wheel wells -- that is about how thick and stiff the bristles are.  I suppose if you had rubber car mats it would work well for those, but those usually don't need much in the way of brushing to get clean.All in all, save your six dollars and go to the hardware store and get a brush with bristles that aren't as stiff.  You should be letting your carpet cleaner do most of the work, not your bristles."
"Bristles are way too stiff. I used this brush once on my cloth seats (VW GTI) to remove a small, quarter-sized stain. It left permanent damage to the surface of the seat. And I didn't even use much pressure. Cleaning should be 80% chemical and 20% brush. You do not need a brush this stiff, unless you're maybe cleaning wood/metal."
"It's a bit flimsy, the wires that loop around are thin and will bend easy.  The fuzzy part is also a thin low-count bristle, and doesn't really seem to dig in and clean.  Good handle though."
"Not everything promised, easily bends and losses bristles, not long enough.  Not overly happy with the product and would get a longer or bigger brush."
"Not really worth having as the brush is smaller than the head making it hard to get it in the hard to reach spots.The brush is not very sturdy so doesn't last very long."
"I don't understand why but the two brushes I got were terrible. I used them to wash the small crevasse's on my motorcycle. The problem was the fact that the brushes wouldn't go back to their straight position. As I would move them back and forth, the brushes would just follow. It reminded me of a severally bad tooth brush."
"After one trip, the pin is coated in rust.  The cotter pin was also extremely difficult operate.  A tiny bit more flexibility would make it easier to use and wouldn't compromise any safety.The fact that this is covered in rust would prevent me from buying."
"I own 3 different absorbers, and have used 5 in my lifetime, but this one is different. It has all the markings of an absorber, but it definitely has a different texture, and does not work as well. This product (I wouldn't even call it an absorber) has a real hard time soaking up water, unlike my other absorbers, and I believe it to be a clone."
"i wouldnt  buy again,  doesnt last, take the time and do a  good hand wax application,  might be handy  for  a quik dusting,  thatsd about it,  dont use on interior  as it eats away  the lettering  on handles/ etc"
"the fan is low power.  the blades are super small so it doesnt push much air.  there are NO FEET as pictured.  there is not a switch on front as pictured (its all on the - which is less convenient for our uses), and the handle is grey not white -- and has no hook on it. the power cord (12 volt) is like 9 inch long (who on earth would put it 9 inches in front of their dash???)  we bought it to replace a 'rechargable' fan that finally died - it was by ozcool and expensive -- since that fan rechargability failed in the 1st 6 months we opted for a standard battery/12 volt fan -- but the ozcool also had large blades, a hook, and a super long 12 volt cord.  we need this for the back window in the truck (the one that slides open) to give air to the dogs (fits in perfectly).  while it works i wouldn't by this under powered mis-advertised item again.  also it has no ac power option. just 12 volt and battery (d)."
"For the size of this DC fan, you would think it would turn out better air flow (CFM's),but it is weak at best.I bought an 02Cool from Amazon a couple of weeks ago that impresses me more (due to it's small size), at under $8.00 that does not require (8)D batteries (only two), and whats with having to leave your keys in the ignition. (I regress)Also the product you will receive looks different than the one pictured; See my 3 JPG's.I would pass on this one."
"it works as it says. Hooked it up on the bike for a long distance 12V connection on travels and head phones."
"I order this core remover and got a cheap piece of junk. The one sent was silver and did not even have the non slip end on it.I NOTIFIED AMAZON on THIS ITEM."
"this is not what i ordered or even close. does not look the same in color shape or size. buyer beware"
"Very cheaply made if you use your tailgate alot I would not recommend it does the job but don't think it would hold up if used all the time."
"Like other reviewers, I found that this blade only wipes the lower half of the rear window. Unfortunately I no longer have the old wiper to reuse some of the parts.The wiper itself is plastic and cannot be bent (I found out the hard way and broke one of the two wipers that I ordered). It appears that a portion of the plastic snap-in adapter is in the way and the blade cannot curve enough to touch the window along its entire length."
"Bought this for my Subaru forester, the check said it would fit it didn't, wont waste my time sending back poor purchase"
"The crampbuster does not work as advertised for me. I need to keep adjusting it upward. I tried a piece of 200 grit sandpaper and roughed up the inside of the crampbuster, it did not work any better and I think I wasted my money on this one."
"Does not work with late model Dodge canbus autolights. The styrofoam packaging inside the case was damaged upon arrival, but the parts themselves were not visibly damaged."
"received open box. looked like everything thrown in the box. neither lights worked. so all these good reviews trying again"
"I bought this unit as a sales from Amazon warehouse. I had Kensun HID installed in my Van is real good working order. But when I install this kit, I found the light bulb connector cannot well connect each other. I check every of the parts is work OK. It can't tell are there (9006) had different in socket size. I hope the seller can specify or check their spec before they list the the HID for sales. At last, I sent my problem to Amazon Customer Service. They issue a return label immediately for me to return Kits. Their service is real high efficiency and promptly to solve out my concern. I'm sure Amazon provide good care of the customer."
"Installed on 2013 Elantra GT (hatchback) with OEM projectors.First things first, you will need the signal cancelers!So the lights in the first delivery weren't working at all.  So i got a replacement from amazon and they worked fine for a bit before they began to flicker.  Customer service sent me a relay harness for free (in exchange for good review).  Even with the relay harness I had a problem with random on/off times.I must say that the cables although well built, the connectors are cheap! i had to modify one because the pin split! after a while, i just gave up trying.  Sent them back and got another brand.  I don't believe in 3rd time's a charm!I'd say for the price give it a try and see how it works for you.  But spending a bit more and get something more solid with better connectors won't hurt."
"The mechanical device that controls the bixenon lights did not work (or at least did not work with my truck).  The lights would immeadiately shift in when the headlights would turn on (the resting position is outward) and then would stick in place when the highbeams were triggered (one would occasionally push out slightly).  Other than the fact the bi-xenon part did not work, they looked great for a great price.  I like having highbeams though, so I sent them back."
"DOES NOT WORK with 2001 Acura MDX or 1st generation Honda Pilot.Calling Autel support in the US and they are totally useless because they deny this is their product.Now for the long story ...I purchased this tool to read the code off my 2001 Acura MDX (equivalent to the 1st generation Honda Pilot), well it DOES NOT WORK, keeps scanning and eventually gives a &#34;LINKING ERROR&#34;. I've tried it with the ignition switch in the ON position (engine not running) as well as having the engine running, same &#34;LINKING ERROR&#34;. The documentation states it supports anything 1996 or newer with ODBII connector.However, this reader does work in our 2011 Honda Odyssey; the linking took about a minute but it connected, and is even able to read the VIN# from the car via the OBDII port, but the scanning is slow, took almost 2 minutes to read the VIN#.Now for the experience with customer support. Went to the website auteltech(dot)com as listed in the included manual and called their toll-free support number. Their technician states that &#34;I don't know where you got the MS309 from, but that is not a US Autel product. We cannot support it. Amazon or eBay is selling products that are not ours with our name on it.&#34;When I asked the technician which model supports the 2001 Acura MDX, he said &#34;all of our products, even the low end AI319; as long as it is a 1996-2012 car with an OBDII connector it works.&#34; I reiterated my question asking him to confirm that it supported that particular car, he stated &#34;as long as you buy it from us, we support it&#34;. Again, he did not confirm it was tested on any vehicle. So I asked if there are any online sellers, he stated he cannot recommend anyone and that I need to ask the retailer for support if it doesn't work.So what does that tell me? RUN FROM THIS COMPANY if you plan on needing support!My question now is, do I keep this or return it (purchased from Pocket-Store and was fulfilled by Amazon)?In the meantime, I am giving this product 2-stars because it does work in our newer car. However, I cannot give it more stars given the response I got from support and the fact that it failed to connect to a 2001 Honda/Acura."
"its seems to be ok but the construction of it seems to be cheap but I don't work on cars for a living (Backyard Mechanic )"
"Works on my 2001 Honda Civic.Does not work with 2010 Honda CRV.  Link error.  It's so incompatible that when the scanner start to scan, that the Slip Warning light would come on.  (freaked me out, but after I turn the ignition key off and back on, the light would go away).I might keep it around just for the civic and as a loaner.I know this thing is cheap, but if I was to do it all over, I would save the money and buy a better unit.I wish there would be a spreadsheet where people can enter type of cars would work or wouldn't work on this unit.====update 08/13/13Well, I finally called the tech support and see if anything could be done to the ""Link Error"" issue that I'm having with my CRV (tricks or updates).Apparently ,  this model MS300 has been discontinued since 2007.  The support person can't even find the support document on his side. Since the support person was a nice guy, I didn't want to give him too much hard time, so I asked his opinion on a better model from Autel."
"It wouldn't work for me which could of been a defective scanner.  The price was good, but I was unable to reset the ECU to extinguish the check engine light."
"If it were possible i would give 0 stars . purchased this unit to scan 2001 Jaguar . unit apparently froze up the transmission shift , threw 2 codes previously unknown {checked at autozone previous day} Codes P1797 P1642 >Contacted seller who immediately responded {very apologetic} I had told seller that the unit was set up for Sept 2008 andt hat a prior post stated ""beware of prior to 2011 edition ""Also advised  the S/N  was MS50245. NOTE THAT S/N .Seller then inquired {strange} how I found out the date of the set up/code and the S/N  Asking if possible would I send pictures showing details  DAHHH! It's on the first screen  line 6  though only shows briefly.Seller offered 20% discount if I kept unit . I declined offer. Went on Autel's {UK} Website No listing for model MS509 , Their current models are in 780 range however they do have big notation for  a disclaimer referencing China Copies.THen checked out Autel web site ""chinacardiag.com "" In the 5 reviews listed one was from a gentleman in Brunei who reported problems with this same UNIT  SN # 50245 .Hmmm how did it get from Brunei to Texas. Must be that all China clones have same S/N ???There is no software to update , you cannot download instructions to get a print out. The CD supplied  is only a copy of the Operation Book..I was very concerned about the effect unit has had on my vehicle since it left the vehiclein ""restricted performance mode"". Took it to Autozone for code check today and read the codes but the good news is the restricted performance code is gone Returned scanner to amazon today.All I CAN SAY IS YOU mIGHT BE TAKING  A BIG RISK  IN USING THIS UNITPositive not Received on time by FED EX , Communications from seller good."
"I normally do not like giving one star ratings, but this item deserves it for the following reasons:Upon receipt item did not have a battery even though the box clearly stated it contains a nine-volt? Meter was not in any sort of wrap/bag etc. Cables looked to have been resealed in the plastic bags. The software would not recognize the unit when hooked up though to usb.  The burn date for the software on this scanner is 9/11/2008, Version 2.03. Obviously this is an older stock, used unit, refurbished and sent to me.I had a Cen-Tech I had taken back, due to display problems, to Harbor Freight that is the identical same thing as this scanner. It came in a small bubble bag, the leads looked new and sealed in the bag, it had a new nine-volt, the software recognized it when hooked to the usb. The burn date for the software on this scanner is 7/25/12, Version 2.13. This scanner functioned fine it just had a display problem therefore the take back.Older software, a scanner that appears used, repackaged, software not recognizing it, and no battery. This experience has cost me extra shipping costs and wasted my time trying to figure out just what piece of junk they sent me.Since I have had the experience of having one of these that did function I do know the difference.I would clearly avoid this seller, not reputable."
"I used this product about an hour ago. The foam is much to soft and will not reach the areas it should. It does not polish well at all. Grab your rags, polish, tin foil, and a can of elbow grease, do it by hand and you will be a lot happier."
"Tried wheel polishers before (Mother Powerball, cotton buffer wheels, Mequire's Wheel Restoration kit) and was left all but appalled with this product. Went to apply pressure to buff some oxidation out only to find out that a plastic rod is what holds the cone together. I was only able to complete one wheel before the product was in three piece on the asphalt. I do not recommend this product."
"I bought this cause it was cheap and had good reviews.  But its ok at best.  I am OCD about washing my cars.  The best spray wax is NXT however couldn't find so gave this a shot.NXT is actually milky in color and texture leaves a slippery surface behind.  This stuff is clear and just scented water, doesn't not leave a slippery surface behind, no real shine.If you want a good wax or spray wax look at Meguiar's NXT Generation"
"I tried to get this thing to work but could not. The LED light would never come on. I followed the directions exactly as stated for my specific vehicle from the xpresskit web site but no go. It just did not work so I sent it back to Amazon."
"Be very careful what model you choose this for.  It said it was compatible with my car through Amazon, but the mechanic found out it was for MOST 2005 models, but not ALL of them.  Had to return it and wait for a FLCAN to arrive in the mail.  My recommendation is to simply plan ahead and buy the FLCAN.  A bit more money but a lot less hassle."
"This is an idea whose time has not arrived. Perhaps if one has a teeny tiny vehicle then this may work out. First of all, you have to purchase micro-fiber towels per the instructions. Be sure to get lots of them. You are instructed to do one panel at a time - spray, wipe and buff. Supposedly you will save 80 - 120 gallons of water and eliminate toxic runoff (apparently referring to the soapy water). I HAVE NEVER USED ANYWHERE NEAR THAT MUCH WATER TO WASH MY CAR. With eco touch I am left with a whole slew of micro-fiber towels that would end up in a landfill because I don't know how to recycle dirty towels.I believe that eco touch has a problem with ""truth in advertising"". I can see using this for minor cleaning such a a deposit left by a bird or an insect meeting its demise on my vehicle. But, to wash the entire car is best done with a bucket, hose, sponge and chamois cloth. Or, take it to a car wash."
"I wanted a smaller diameter nut than what I have now but these are really small. I did not install these on my rims I just didn't feel confident that these would keep my wheels on my car. They probably weigh about 1/2 of what I have on my rims now. Too much trouble to send them back, I'll keep them and show them to my mechanic and get his input on them, for now I feel safer with what Ive had on them for a couple years now."
"See Update Below original 4 star review.(Original:) Unless you are taking your vehicle to the track, and have a need to spend $60-100 for a set of fancy locking lug nuts, these will suffice! I have used these on several vehicles without a hitch, and they are a great buy for the money. Only reason for rating 4 stars is that there is always a little play in using the lug adapter, which makes torquing the lugs a little bit more a pain.(Update:) The last set of these I received had a ""Dud"" lugnut in the batch... That is, that the threading was either of a different pitch, or not threaded properly. Fortunately I caught it before attempting to forcefully thread the nut on, possibly ruining the stud as well... When one lug would not rotate by hand onto the stud I tried it on several others without avail. Instead of risking the stripping of a stud, I attempted to thread it on my spare wheel carrier (suspecting that the threading may have just had a bur on it,) where it required I would estimate in excess of 30lbft to rotate any bit past 1/3 turn. I am unsure if the quality control has just gone down hill, or whether this was an anomaly, but this could mean bad news for someone who is less experienced with vehicle maintenance, or uses improper procedures such as installing with an impact wrench."
"I did not see any difference even after applying for long time. It may work better on older paints (but I doubt it). Does not even remove swirls, I was very attentive and applied for long time - no difference at all. Does nothing.I Do not recommend this one."
"I bought this product in removing fine surface scratches from my black 2007 Chevy Cobalt.  The paint is still in great condition and only has some minor surface scratches from automatic carwashes.The first time I used Meguiar's Ultimate Compound I used an orbital buffer.  The instructions are quite vague and more or less state that all you have to do is rub the compound in a circular motion in a small area then buff away.  So I figured if that was all you really had to do, an orbital buffer would be more than enough.Wrong.While Ultimate Compound is excellent at removing water spots (and even dead bugs and tar) it is horrible at removing swirl marks and fine scratches.  I can use a simple wax and get the same results as with this ""Ultimate"" compound.The second time around I decided to try the product on my victory red 2001 Chevy Blazer.  Years of automatic car washes have really taken their toll on the paint, but not so much that it had lost all of its shine.  Instead of the buffer, I used a 100% cotton terrycloth and some good ol' elbow grease.  Unfortunately I got the same results as before.I can get the same result that this product offers by using Turtle Wax Ice and in a fraction of the time.Do I recommend this product? NoWill I buy this product again? Probably not"
"It was only effect with super fine scratches. With normal fine scratches , the product won't make them disappear. I tried to scrub fine scratches for hour but they were still there. Super fine scratches disappeared anyway. The product won't harm the clear coat so shiny paint coating was stay."
"i tried to wipe it off as in the instructions, and the surface was cool, it left large black circles on hood , didn't go away with regular washing, went away with waterless foamtek  only!!!!!"
"Regarding the actual product (for me), I still need to find something with a bit more abrasive/coarse-ness in a compound for my specific paint correction on a black two-stage paint. Also, I wasn't aware (until I actually used and tested an area when) I worked-in the product (Meguiars M105 mirror-glaze pro Ultra-cut compound) with my DA PC polisher, that it actually &#34;seemed&#34; to polish to a shine (w/ 'continued use); I used an (orange) #2 Hex-Logic foam cutting pad... which at first seemed odd?? But it may be because my speed was set at #6. In any case, the product didn't do what I expected (for my needs) so I stopped and determined I needed a compound with a bit more abrasive-ness and cut...and although it seemed to remove 75% (of my problem) of the fine swirls marks in my clear-coat ...it still left a hint of very fine/light scratches and swirl marks &#34;still&#34; embeded on the top-coat.Now, regarding delivery...I was left &#34;hangin' in the wind&#34;. I was seriously wondering why this (1) specific (Amazon) item that was part of a total of (6) other (Amazon) items (and ordered at the same time) was shipped seperately but 2 days ahead... &#34;BUT&#34; then only to arrive at my mailbox two days later then the rest of the other items ?!?? What was that about ?? The problem is...this left me with the delivery of the (other items) 5&#34; velcro backing plate, the 8-pc chem.guys foam hex-pads, meguiars M205 polish, misc microfiber towels, and a pair of shoes (bday present for nephew)...But couldn't actually use any of those &#34;task specific&#34; items until I received this item (the Meguiars M105) -hench for (my reason) disregarding (and leaving) the &#34;unchecked&#34; option to &#34;NOT&#34; ship each item as it became available !!"
"I installed this on my Jeep XJ. Installation was straightforward. It made my stock headlights quite a bit brighter. Unfortunately, right after the first 30 minute drive I was standing in my driveway admiring how nice and bright the headlights were when POOF, the low beams just shut off by themselves, never to return. I turned on the high beams and they still worked, for about a minute and then they shut off, too. It's the relays - pure junk.  Good thing I was not out on the highway! To say I'm disappointed in this product is a big understatement. Only use it if you have a completely separate set of driving lights that you can switch on when these randomly shut off your lights. This is a real safety issue."
"the idea of this is fantastic! The directions are very plain and not the well laid out. The first step of install is confusing. Maybe this is not the right model for my truck but per Amazon &#34;check if it fits&#34; it is supposed to work. I cannot get it to tighten right or even start the install properly. I went to youtube to find a video, i watched and then tried the install again. Still it wont work. I plan on calling them tomorrow to talk to customer service we will see how that goes. If they assist me with installation i will comeback and update my review."
"I bought this towel while looking for a cheaper alternative to my Cobra and Chemical Guys drying towels.  The search goes on.  I have washed this towel countless times and it still leaves blue fibers all over my car.  It also isn't all that absorbent."
"I actually ordered these after reading a review by a woman who said she uses them to wash the make-up off her face! I thought these would hold up well, and liked the oval contoured shape for this sort of use. I also thought these were well priced for a package of 6.When they arrived however, they were not the oval ones shown in the picture, and they did not come in a package of 6. For this reason, I did not give them more than 2 stars.  Though I do think they are nice, thick quality, terry covered pads, they are not what as shown in the ad's picture, and I was very disappointed to find only 4 in the package."
"After a considerable wait of several weeks I received my scan tool. I read the instructions (very brief) checked for updates (none available) and tried the tool on my 2008 4runner.The tool gave me a green emission control system light, no active codes, and a cryptic security system DTC that it could not clear. I unplugged the tool and started the car. No CEL, everything seemed fine UNTIL...I took it for a drive he next morning and after about 5 minutes the CEL and the VSC malfunction lights illuminated. After returning home I hooked up The scan tool and it had logged 20 malfunction codes! (first time in 5 years this vehicle had thrown a code)I attempted to reset the codes, the scanner said they were erased, and when I rescanned the codes returned. After several attempts I disconnected the tool and drove the car... The CEL was off but I noticed that several dealer settings (security system, headlights, seatbelt warning) had all been removed and needed to be reset.  I checked the scan tool one last time and the 20 codes remained, along with a yellow emissions status indicator.Well, for 200 bucks, this was a total bust. Did more harm than good and went back to the seller."
"I'm not sure why every type of code reader is coming down in price but offering software to load on your laptop to store, compare, print, and submit to a group of mechanics to analyze your data.The reason I gave it three starts and thought about two is the fact that this code reader is connecting to your car's master computer but utilizes the Internet to download updates etc. Yet instead of using an Open System Operating System or creating a Mac Version, which if there was a Mac OS X version, a mechanic wouldn't have to lug around a laptop but could use an iPad.Plus, I have used Windows and Windows Servers for 26 years and paid quarterly subscriptions for Norton, Symantec, etc. and still Trojan Horses would infect the server. Every dealership has a Windows Server with WiFi so they can connect easily to the site to upload or download data or update software. Why would these idiots at INNOVA pay the cost of using a windows operating system when they could jump to open system code or produce a Mac App.  Because i'm convinced these companies don't have a clue about computers. They are mechanics who know how to use a laptop.  BIG MISTAKE AND I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THESE CARS THAT ARE MORE AND MORE DEPENDENT ON COMPUTERS TO DO EVERYTHING BUT DRIVE THE CAR AND MONITOR EVERYTHING TO UPLOAD A VIRUS TO A VEHICLE.  THEY WILL BE USING THEIR LAPTOP, HAVE A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE OVER PRICED SOFTWARE AND ITS JUST A MATTER OF TIME. SIX MONTHS.  WINDOWS IS JUNK AND I REFUSE TO OWN ONE. I CREATE A VIRTUAL WINDOWS MACHINE ON MY HARD DRIVE COMPLETELY ISOLATED FROM EVERYTHING ELSE BUT EVENTUALLY THE PEOPLE WHO KEEP AWARDING THIS COMPANY FIVE STARS, REALLY NEED TO MOVE OUT OF THEIR MONKEY SUIT AND REALIZE A LATE MODEL CAR IS NOTHING BUT A BIG COMPUTER. WHEN SOMEBODY DIES BECAUSE THE MASTER COMPUTER IS INFECTED, INNOVA WON'T BE AROUND ANYMORE!!"
"I have to untie the hooks from the net every single time that I remove it from the seat. It is not rigid like other brands."
"The hooks are made of steel wire with plastic tube over the wire.  Each hook is supposed to have a rubber-like cap over the end. The caps are there to prevent the bare metal ends from scratching your motorcycle or bicycle. I saw at least one other review where the purchaser super-glued these tips on after losing one.  I ordered 2, and both arrived with at least one tip already missing.There were also more long loose ends flailing about than seemed necessary.  Sure, I could have cut those shorter and melted the ends to prevent fraying, but I should not have to.Mine also smelled pretty bad, but I assume that would dissipate pretty quickly.The quality is just not very good."
"This unit was dead on arrival. I tried both the lighter and battery connections with the car running. No power of any kind. I read through the manual looking for clues, checked all connections and tried everything I know. Maybe it was just the one that got through inspections while everyone was asleep. I can't even recommend if it would power the USB connection. Think I'll try a local store. The Amazon return policy was great however."
"As soon as I plugged it in I heard a ""pop"". No output. I guess try another inverter and probably another Cobra."
"i was excited to receive my Jetseal 109.  i waited until the time was right and washed my truck.  started applying the Jetseal 109 and found that it was harder to apply than the old timey paste wax.  got the hood, windshield, front bumper and mirrors done and called it a day.  i don't know if i'll get the ambition needed to do the rest of my truck or not.  glad i didn't get the gallon.  only got a pint.  doesn't go very far either.  later"
"This is an okay product, but it does leave white marks if you miss a spot taking it off.It should cost less for what it is and that size bottle you get given that you can get virtually the same protection using a good quality synthetic wax sealant in 2 coats such asMeguiar's  NXT Generation Tech Wax 2.0 (18-Ounce Liquid), for a lot less money. The Meguiar's wax is a lot easier to take off and does not leave white specs when it dries."
"Yeah, it says it but don't try to tint anything on your car or you will get pulled over, trust me."
"After cleaning all the wheels, I applied this to the front wheel of my 2012 Audi S4.  I did not apply to the other front wheel.  I drove the car for a week and observed the results.  Both front wheels had the same amount of break dust on them.  I then washed both front wheels with the same cleaning product.  Both required the same level of effort to remove the baked on break dust.  I see no value to this product."
"Did not make it look like paint was wet i personaly use magualers. I like the wet look from that"
"This wax seems to shine my black car quite nicely. It goes on easy and also very easy to take off with no powdering or anything.It however does not seem to last very long so I'm really not sure it's worth double the cost of a Meguiar's or Mothers wax.I also don't like how Chemical Guys has so many different waxes, they must have like 10-15 different waxes. It gets confusing to know what to buy!I regret this purchase."
"I ordered this product after being blown away by its performance on the Chemical Guys' YouTube channel and the great reviews on Amazon. I have used Silk Shine along side one of Chemical Guys' dizzying amount of cleaning products and exactly as instructed both on the bottle and in the video, and I have only achieved mediocre results at best. I REALLY want to like Chemical Guys and I have some more of their products on the way to hopefully yield better results, but I'm somewhat worried that their confusingly large product selection an indicator that results may vary."
"Does not work as advertised. Followed the instructions, but was not able to get the headlight lens on my 2009 RV."
"I read the directions fully before starting the work, followed them completely, and I ended up with a scratched lens after using the sandpaper.  I used plenty of liquid as well in case anyone thinks I put dry sand paper to a dry lens.  I would definitely not recommend using this product."
"I used this product on our motorhome head lights.  The plastic lenes had small scrathes and a mild haze on the left lens..  This is an over priced kit for what it was supose to due.  The sanding pads are so small and they did not make through the first lens. The sealer is on a small pad and their is not enough sealer on the pad to cover both of the lenes.  So save your self, some money and purchasean  individual bottle of lens cleaner, a bottle of lens sealer along with some 1000 and 1500 grit wet sand paper.  This way you'll have enough product to due your lens for several years"
"ok,i got it,it does NOTwork. my wifes 2005 chrysler had the same problem as all cars,the headlight clear lens was foggy and oxidized. i used this product as per instructions and it did Not remove the scratches and the headlights do Not look any better,save you're money and go to mcdonalds. i dont know who wrote the good reviews but i can tell you,it does not clear up the lenses as they claim. The headlights do not look new again and i really cant tell Any difference,dont believe me,try it and you will ask for you're money back just like i did."
"I followed the instructions word by word.  I took about an hour on each headlight using each scuff pad and lubricating them well.  After I was finished I could tell a difference, the headlights looked good but not GREAT.  Looking back, I dont think it was worth my time/effort.  It may work better for your vehicle, it is not too expensive so I guess it is worth a try.  I have heard from numerous people that the mother's headlight lens restoration kit works well, maybe ill give that a try. Oh and yes I did use the sealant wipe to hopefully protect my hardwork which sadly failed me."
"I am not sure what the problem is, but I used toothpaste at first and didn't notice a lot of difference on my 2009 Camry lens covers.  So I bought this and I don't see any difference."
"I followed the instructions TO THE LETTER, and my headlights look the same as they did before!  This product did not work at all for me!"
"My headlights weren't as bad as some and this stuff didn't do much to improve them. I did the optional sandpaper step and the only thing it really did was remove some of the surface roughness and make them smooth. It barely did anything to make them more clear."
"I got these for my 2-door Wrangler JK.I have WeatherTech in the front but thought I'd save a few bucks by getting the Rugged Ridge for behind the seats. They dont settle in their spots well AT ALL. The weather techs fit like a glove up front and these things are nowhere near as good.I also got Rugged Ridge for the cargo compartment and wasn't very impressed with the placement of the outlines for the cutout holes. They weren't lined up where they should be.Pay the extra bucks for WeatherTech if you can."
"I put it on the first night and the bands ripped out of place. I had to rig it up to get it to stay in place. It bunched in the corners because there was too much material. But it does its job."
"I didn't expect much from this cover considering the price, but I was surprised at how cheaply made this cover is.  I broke two of the four straps that are used to secure the covers - they just pulled apart from the cover.  I do not recommend these covers since the fastening mechanisms are faulty."
"I bought this for my 2008 JK jeep wrangler after the valve stem on the stock sensor corroded and developed a leak.  Discount tire tried to sell me a deal to replace the old TPMS and stem for $60.. Now I wish I would of done it.This sensor after installed shut off the TPMS light before I left the tire dealers parking lot...  &#34;Awesome&#34; I thought, problem solved.Well in the week that has followed the light comes on and off intermitenly with out any real rime or reason.  Hot or Cold, Night or Day.  I've had my preasure checked numerous times and it's alway spot on.  Usually it comes on after I just start the car and will go out after a few minutes but yesterday it came on and stayed on all the way to work.  When I left the office for lunch it was off.I too live in Minnesota like another reviewer and had concerns about the sensor working correctly in cold winters.  If it wont work right in 70+ degree summer / fall it's not going to get any better.  Worst part is I'm out the installation fees and what do I do... Buy another one?  I'm going to the dealer which I should of done the first time.  -Lesson learned."
"Well, I ordered a few of these to replace some from oddly enough, Meguiars.... They're made in China... OF COURSE. WELL, LONG STORY SHORT, great towels!!!!! But the edge material came apart at the first use. We hadn't even laundered these yet.... Just be ready to return em for replacement. They're glad to help... As they want you to co e back!"
"I have to agree with another reviewer that this cloth is almost identical to those you find in Walmart.  It is THIN THIN THIN and not at all worth the price.  This is a surprise from Mothers as I use a lot of their products and typically their quality is excellent."
"Made a mistake, it's the Detail version I wanted as they are the very best these are just ok.Get the Detail ones by Mothers and use these for petty jobs and the Detail ones for real waxing."
"Great while it lasted, but doesn't last long at all. Falling apart after a couple months of weekly use. Guess I will try a Microfiber mitt."
"I couldn't even get my fingers in. I normally wear Large so I ordered XL and can't even get my fingers half way in. I have the Raider full motorcycle gloves and they as well as these are a good deal when they fit.I JUST WISH THEY WERE HONEST ABOUT THE SIZING AND QUIT WASTING BUYERS TIME. IT'S A CRAP SHOOT GETTING A PAIR TO FIT."
"I ordered an XL pair of these gloves. However, they barely fit my wife's hands and she is all of 5'2&#34; and has small hands.The package and the gloves were clearly labeled XL. Poor quality control at the manufacturing plant somewhere. The quality of the product itself seemed to be adequate but unfortunately I could not even try them on."
"I ordered these gloves because it seemed like a good deal for the price.  Problem is I can't even get them on my hands!  They are too small and I can't even return them for a larger pair (say XL or XXL) because apparently they only come in large.  So I end up keeping them and I still don't have a warm pair of gloves to use when I want to ride my bike and it is cold.  They did seem like a decent glove but I can't rate them on use or performance since I can't get my hands in them."
"Leather tear and stitches coming out on both gloves in the inner-finger areas.Sending them back for refund. Would not recommend you purchasing them."
"The instructions preclude using this as a chock when hitching or unhitching so what is the point? What a waste of money."
"While they are what they claim to be, you can go to your nearest hardware store and buy mch longer nails and a few washers for a lot less money."
"Bend too easy. Went to Walmart and bought heavy duty tent stakes."
"If you have an electric drill or impact this will probably work well for you. I have a craftsman 20v bolt on drill and impact. Fits drill chuck no problem and cranking down landing gear is easy. Cranking it up on the other hand is too much for the drill and the 1/4 drive on impact won't fit the shaft on the socket. No one makes an adaptor to fit this shaft so it's a waste of money especially if you have a 3/4&#34; socket in your tool box."
"Really disappointing! A waste of money for me!  I have a 28' 5'ver and all this damn thing did is put a lot of stress on my rv tire that it was on and never got the other tire off the ground.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!  Go back to the old reliable way with a Jack."
"I ordered the Trailer aid ""plus"" which is taller than the standard trailer aid. I tried it on my 2007 Forest River 5th wheel, in the driveway, and it would not bring the other wheel off the ground.  I added a heavy 2 x 6 to the bottom of it and it now just barely lifts the wheel enough to change. I don't trust it to be enough in an emergency.  When I originally used this it just slid along the concrete and the wheel didn't roll on to it. I wasted my money and it tore itself up enough that I couldn't return it."
"I bought the digital tire pressure gauge for a truck that takes 80 PSI for its tires. I found on a recent trip that the tire pressure monitors in the tires were providing a very different reading from the Accutire pressure gauge - a difference of 8 PSI. I found a Love's truck stop where they sold a high quality tire pressure gauge and it confirmed that the tire monitors were accurate and that the Accutire pressure gauge was way off with its readings.Had I continued to rely on the Accutire pressure gauge I would have risked a blowout and certainly would have had uneven tire wear and in either case the end result would have been expensive. I recommend that before trusting an Accutire pressure gauge that you compare it to another quality gauge (not the ones at the gas stations) and see if they agree. The truck stop tire gauge is now in the truck and the Accutire pressure gauge is at the local dump."
".A good tire gauge is easy to line up at the correct angle to the valve stem. You can line it up visually before you press it on. You lose very little air while checking the pressure. If the pressure was already correct, you do not have to add back 1-2 PSI that you lost with the gauge.The nose of a good tire gauge is offset at about 45 degrees, so you can use it without difficulty on bicycle tires, or in other special situations.This Michelin MN-4357B is none of the above. The offset is 10 degrees and hard to visualize on this curvy objet d'art. The seal is quite sensitive to mis-alignment. Most people will have a hard time with this. You'll get a tight seal through trial and error while air leaks out of the tire for a few seconds. It's quite a hassle with bike tires...spokes interfere with your grip of the gauge (see pics).The beautiful form-fitting zipper case should be immediately thrown away. Why? Because it sometimes holds the flashlight button down, draining the batteries while it's being stored.You can enter your car's target tire pressure (front and back), and it displays below the pressure reading. Useful if you only have one car. Otherwise, ill conceived.One thing this gauge would be really good for: A design school case study. Beauty and clever features count for nothing when real-world basics are ignored.- - - Alternatives - - --Accutire MS-4021B Digital Tire Gauge-Viair 90052 Digital Tire Pressure Gauge~~~ Comments & questions welcome ~~~"
"Having only used standard, dial-type, mechanical tire pressure gauges for my cars, motorcycles, and bicycles over the years, I was curious to try out this Michelin Digital Tire Pressure Gauge.Likes:>Includes two CR2032 batteries and carrying case.>Built in LED light next to the Schrader (automotive type) nozzle.>Programmable front and rear tire pressures.  Could be useful for relatives/friends borrowing one's vehicle.Dislikes:>If the battery is low or drained, tire pressure can't be measured.>Cumbersome, barely angled nozzle is difficult to line up perfectly with the tire valve stem.  Even more problematic with valves that are close to the wheels/spokes.  That means lots of air leakage prior to getting a reading.>Is it really necessary to have the programmable tire pressure feature for our personal vehicles, motorcycles, and bicycles?  How hard is it to memorize a few PSIs?  What if we use the digital gauge on more than one vehicle?>Doesn't have a relief valve to lower tire PSI when pressure is slightly high.>When placed in a moving vehicle's glove/storage compartment, the hard nylon carrying case may inadvertently press the power button on the side of the gauge and drain the battery.Overall:Tire gauges are critical for maintaining proper pressures, safety, and optimizing MPG for vehicles.  Even more so for lower volume, high pressure tires on motorcycles and bicycles.  I will continue to use time tested and reliable mechanical tire gauges such asAccugage Dial Tire Gauge With Hose RRA60Xrather than rely on digital tire pressure gauges."
"I obtained this product from Vine.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the main functionality on this Michelin product leaves a lot to be desired.  It is difficult to seat onto the tire valve stem, lacking in this key point of ease of use.  The case is also a pain to open since it needs to be unzipped nearly all the way around in order to remove the tire gauge for use.  Otherwise, it is decent quality overall make and digital readout.For another vehicle in our household, we have the Accutire MS-4355GB Programmable Tire Gauge, which is a better choice (although more expensive).  The Accutire is very easy to seat onto the valve stem, has given consistent performance and held up for the last 9 months."
"This looks really great, but looks can be deceiving.The part that actually connects to the tire air valve is flat--which made it unpredictable for me as to whether I would get it right the first time. And, of course, if it isn't just right, it  lets air out of the tire. Half the time, I would hit it just right and it would work great. However, I don't want to spend a lot of time messing with my tires, so having to mess with just getting the connection to the pressure gauge is annoying at best.Actually, someone who uses it a lot might like it a lot more, since they could figure out how to dependably use it. (I use a pressure gauge once a month to check my tires.)This gauge has a really nice shape, good surface feel, and very clear screen. The light would be useful in some dim lighting situations. The case is handy, but not really that impressive or useful. I checked it against a couple of other gauges (not as cool looking, but dependable). All three agreed with each other, so apparently accuracy is not a problem.The programming lets you input the pressure you want for the front and back tires, so you don't have to keep opening the driver's door to check. However, since it only does it for one car, it isn't a lot of help if you have more than one car and they have different air pressure requirements.BTW, whether you use this or another gauge, it is well worth the cost. Your tires last longer and are safer to use when they are inflated properly."
"I have used this product in (3) vehicles, (2) lawn mowers, (1) grass trimmer, (1) snowblower and a partridge in a pear tree. I haven't noticed any benefit in using this product whatsoever. For fuel storage, I would recommend STA-BIL 360."
"I haven't had this battery long, and I haven't used it that much, but it's already leaking (so much for ""sealed"").  Other than that, it does seem to handle charging and discharging well, though I question for how long, given the way its leaking.  I do like the terminals and the way they're color coded (red and black)."
"Since I like Chemical Guys, I bought the gallon size of this right off the bat. When I got it, I diluted it 2 parts to 1 with water like it says to prevent streaking. When I used this, I continually got black streak marks on my paint and made my car look more dirty then before. Then I tried it without water and it was the same (I used the chemical guys spray bottle). My paint was not hot, and I even sprayed it on a towel and then wiped, and still got bad reside. Not sure if its the wax, but it took me 20 minutes to remove the black crap off with Meguiars Ultimate detailer. (Brand new dark blue car)  Right after I spray this, it turns black and streaks. It does smell good but that is about it. I'm really disappointed in Chemical Guys. I ended up returning the jug so I could get my $27 bucks back. Thankfully amazon is really good about returns. I honestly hope this is just me or a bad batch, because I hate to give bad reviews to good companies. Overall, I think I will buy the smaller size products from now on to test them first."
"Dont buy not worth it to epensive did  gave it a try but i had to remove it whith my regular body shine thank you"
"These neither fit my smallest cabinet in my RV nor do they fit well within their telescoping tube. Kind of wobbly. I am not sure what to do with them at this point, except maybe the trash."
"Save your money, these things are worthless. They are very weak and flimsy and do nothing to secure anything. I would not buy again."
"Meant to be used with a drill instead of a buffer. It didn't state this in the description and I was hoping for the best. Decent pads for the money. The pads are a little low on quality compared to some other brands. I would have had to pay for the return shipping so I just kept the kit."
"Got some black wheels for my 99 Lexus GS400 and wanted to have the weights blend in.  These look great.  Powder coated for durability and even the adhesive is black.I was stoked to have these but once applied I say the error of my ways.  The adhesive is not good at all.  The guys at the shop couldnt get these to stay on my wheel through balancing, even after thouroughly cleaning the surface before hand.If the adhesive was good, this would easily be 5 stars.  Unfortunately this is not the case here."
"These seemed like a nice, cheap way to darken up our RV for sleeping in, and keep out unwanted solar heating. However, we really want and need them most when it's hottest outside. We've had 100 degree weather this week. I installed these on the ceiling vents, by simply peeling the backing off some Velcro tabs and sticking it between the mat and the vent box.Unfortunately after the sun had been beating on ours for about an hour, the Velcro glue let go, and the covers fell off. The Velcro stuck to the vent, but it pulled off the shiny chrome covers. It sticks fine when it's cool, but that defeats the purpose of being a ""sunshield"". Now I'm concerned that the glue will take the finish off the ceiling if I pull the Velcro tabs back off.I wanted these to be easily removable. Good idea, but I don't know how you fix that without screwing them down or something else that will leave permanent, unsightly residue or hardware. ???Buy the vent shade ""pillow"" style Camco 45192 RV Sunshield Vent Insulator instead. Don't use the included Velcro tabs, just stuff them up in the vent and they'll stay."
"why sell a product that the buyer has to purchase better velcro to make it stick????????  This is absolutely ridiculous!  It would be an easy fix for the manufacturer to LISTEN to the customer complaints about this product and require better velcro glue."
"This the same as the door cover the velcro strips could be better. We bought this and the door cover the strips melt when it gets hot we went and got differents strips and work good ..but they tear easy.."
"The adhesive to these is HORRIBLE!!  I use them for room darkening in our RV when camping and I was constantly having to put the back up because the adhesive does not stick well.  For room darkening however THEY ARE GREAT!"
"I have used these in my vents for years on different Rvs and they always stayed in place nice and flush in vent. They really insulate the heat from that vent area and work nice for pillow at a ball game to sit on, not with added plastic insulator they now added.I thought they were great, But they have recently added another section to it and now it sits all crunched up and not very attractive in vent not a good fit at all. It stays in place and I assume will work doing what its intended for but looks terrible like I stuffed an oversized pillow in the vent. I usually dont send products back but this was not worth it, I have a nice motorhome dont need it looking bad from the ceiling vents. Amazon refunded me in full. I love Amazon its my favorite place to shop and do a lot!Update 6-23-13....I DID FIND IN WALMART THE ORIGINAL DESIGN THAT WORKED GREAT THAT IS SIMILAR TO THIS BUT WITHOUT THE ADDED PLASIC. WALMART HAS THE GREAT FITTING OLD STYLE FOR LIKE 9.00 IN RV SECTION IN AUTOPARTS. I HAVE NOT SEEN AMAZON CARRY THIS OLD STYLE. THE OLDER STYLE FIT AND STAYED GREAT!"
"I have a 2004 Yellowstone sport RV.  This does not fit the inside space of the vent (the vent crank gets in the way).  Even when I remove the crank and use the sticky tape that comes with it, it just falls off.  A good idea, but a bad design.  Don't know what might make it work properly."
"I purchased these water filters to lessen the likelihood of water spots after washing my vehicles as suggested in several online forums. Unfortunately, we have very hard water here in the Northeast and it did not resolve the issue with spotting."
"This doesn't fit my outside filter for my rv. the filter just kinda rest on it. total waste of money"
"One of these under my bottom step ain't getting it, I am going to buy another one and put them on each end, one only keeps moving around. Well made, good quality unit."
"I bought two of these to help support the step on my travel trailer.  I installed them securely at the rear of the bottom of the step.  My wife stepped off on the step from the camper, and the steps collapsed into themselves, and the braces flipped up causing injury to her shins and legs.  It could have been much worse had her leg(s) fallen between the two steps and the steps collapsing on her, possibly causing her leg to be severed.  I am very disappointed in the size of the tops and bottoms.  They are only about 4 inches square.  These are very flimsily constructed."
"Talk about a let-down and a rip off!!!  I paid almost $15, for what I thought would be two units (as the product picture shows), only to take delivery of the component and find that you only get ONE OF THEM.Seriously. I could have bought a $17 pair of black jack-stands at big-box-car-parts, and done the same thing. I most assuredly would not have spent the equivalent of $30 for what would be a pair of screw jack stands!Save your money, and consider another solution.  They are solid, they are ok, they are nothing but screw-head jack stands...and there's no 'THEY' to it, you are buying one unit.*** ADDED DETAIL ***After trying to use this a couple of times, I also have to mention that the lower footer is about 3 x 3-inches, and the upper head of the jack also has a head of about 3 x 3 inches...this doesn't work really well with some steps...like mine. My steps are steel with a reinforcing ridge in the middle, running laterally across the bottom of the step. As a result, you can't 'nest' the head beneath your step treadplate, it only precariously sits on the edge of the step. As a result, there's not a lot of 'bracing' from using this at all. Yes, I could put a piece of pine shelving beneath the step and screw the jack into it (not good, if you don't want your steps to rust apart)...but you can't take that upper plate off, and the screw head is not removable...so in the end, this is the oddest white-elephant I've ever bought...can't get it to work whatsoever.I've got a pair of aluminium spinner jacks for loads up to 1000 pounds that work MUCH better than this thing...unfortunately, I can't even use it to stabilize the rear of the rv...there is only one of them...and it isn't rated anywhere near high enough to do something like that with..."
"The idea is good, but this is not stable under my step. Each time up or down the step, it moves and there's no way to hold it in place. I went back to my nailed together stack of 2X8s. It might work in sand though.  ~Pegleg~"
"It is a waste of money for the intended purpose!  Got ripped purchasing this!  It might be a great product for some other purpose but not a Save-A-Step brace!  It is made ok, if I could find another purpose for it."
"I tried installing this but found that the stairs on my trailer have a support bar through the middle and there is not a good place to install it. (I should have read the reviews and would not have even ordered it!)  I will wait until I get home to my shop and make some modifications so I can use it."
"can't use this because the step on my camper is close to the ground and the adjustment isn't short enough to work on level ground. maybe it would be great on uneven ground, but what camp ground is that uneven? how about a shorter one?"
"Works somewhat but the clips that hold the brace up broke off.  A little quality control would go a long way."
"The helmet is a large, however, the unit is running small sizes. It sets too high on my head. I could use a extra-large size"
"You could find something suitable at many retailers.  I thought it would be a heavier.  It's like that stuff you use to keep things from sliding in your droors!  Oh yeah, and it drives me nuts in the wind slapping the roof!"
"If this kit was of better quality it would be a nice way for one person to bleed brakes. However, this kit is sorely lacking in the quality dept. First, the plastic hose is packed in the box with kinks in it. So even after trying to relax the kinks, they collapse with suction is applied. The adapters are a 'one time' application. Once I seated the adapter to the first brake bleeder valve (which worked well), it was all over... The following bleeder valves wouldn't seat, as the adapter was not pliable enough to re-seat. Do yourself a favor and buy a set of speed bleeders...and leave this kit alone!"
"First off, the picture looks like metal-but it's plastic. This wouldn't be too bad if the rest of the kit wasn't so poor. The suction pump is okay-though tiresome- but the jar is too small, the hosing is chintzy and the fittings leak like crazy. Regardless of how much you pump, you will always see air-even if there isn't any in your brake lines. This can make it very difficult to tell if you've actually bled the lines or not.Perhaps this would work better for a motorcycle."
"It didn't worked so well, a gasket was leeking, They send me a complete rebuilt parts parts fast and free. But still I had to have the purge done at the garage at the end."
"The pump seems to work fine. The flaws arise in the leaky reservoir and fittings. The only way for a vacuum pump to really work is to be able to create a seal. This thing leaks not only from the poorly designed reservoir, but from every tube connection point.I ended up going with the Motive pump for my Audi A4 instead. It costs more but its actually usable."
"The one I received broke on the first torque adjustment.  Went from base to 20 ft. lbs. and it made a grinding sound then locked up.  Got it to move backwards, tried again... no luck.  Immediately sent back as defective."
"I used them for landing gear support and at the back supports for my 38' 5th wheel trailer along with the cap pieces by the same company. Some of the ones under the landing gear cracked immediately when weight was applied. I was shocked. As for the ones in the rear of the trailer, I used four of these with a cap piece. There is simply to much give in them. Not stable at all. I took them out and used concrete blocks. I give them two stars because of the handy bag they come in. I would not recommend this product."
"I spray paint a lot of things, cars, bikes, jetskis, plastics, fabrics and stuff around the house. This Prep Spray might work if there is only light grease and certain types of waxes but does not work all the time on all surfaces. I would say it works about 30% of the time, the rest of the time requires more intense cleaning, scrubbing, sanding or even sandblasting. If the surface you are painting has been waxed or contaminated with oil, this Prep Spray will probably not do the job. I really expected more from a Duplic-Color product meant to clean surfaces before painting."
"Works OK but no better than Dawn dish soap or many other spray cleaners that are less expensive. Save your money."
"The towels are very nice and soft only problem is that these are more for washing than wiping things. Highly recommend washing them before use. The ""feathers"" of the towel will come off and it gets kinda of annoying to see feathers on my car or flying around me. These do soak up a lot of water and gets the job done but not the towels I was looking for.2 stars because it's a great buy but if your looking for microfiber towels that dries+washes like I was, stay away from these."
"This is the worst piece of crap ever. I was always warned about buying the gimmicks on tv. It didn't do what it stated it would do, I did better cleaning my windows with window cleaner and a regular microfiber cloth. This was a waste of my money and time buying this piece of crap."
"This product is a wonderful Idea, and works like a charm.  One problem I noticed early was that the head did not attach firmly to the extension handle (I do not know why the handle is removable, the whole point of this product is to reach hard to get to areas on windshields without straining).  As a result, the head would make a loud snapping sound from time to time while in use, and would sometimes even fall off.  Finally one day while using it, the plastic handle split in two and broke.  The results of this product are wonderful, the windows in my car had never been cleaner, but the product is of horrible quality.  There are other, more quality, options out there."
"While this product does make it easier to get to some of the hard to reach places of the inside of a windshield, the cloth is too thin and overall to small to effectively clean."
"Was expecting something a little more substantial.  The tool is rather small, and difficult to hold and use with any force to break a windshield.  The cutter is useful, but is basically a straight blade held in the plastic two part handle.The entire tool is about the size of a utility knife, and basically constructed like one, only out of thin plastic instead of metal.It is compact, and therefor somewhat useful in an extreme emergency, but I wouldn't rely on it as my first choice if a larger, sturdier version made by a competitor was handy.Spend the extra money and buy the better one if you are a corner worker or need this for other than a once in a million chance need."
"Razor is sharp and can cut thru the seatbelt, however after watching some videos on youtube that showed this fail to break, i decided to head out to the junkyard and find an old window that wouldn't be missed.  Glass may eventually break if struck hard enough in the right spot but i wasn't able to break the window and believe me it wasn't for lack of trying.Def consider purchashing a more reputable item like the ResQ Me or a knife will a HARDENED carbide tip as this just doesn't seem to do the job."
"Griots has numerous products for which they really ought to be lauded and recommended.As a professional Auto Detailer (who has spent, and therefore blown, THOUSANDS of dollars testing products), I simply cannot do withoutGriot's Garage 11104 Interior Cleaner - 35 oz.,Griot's Garage 11040SP Leather Care Spray - 8 oz.; or (and especially!) theirGriot's Garage 11173SP Vinyl and Rubber Dressing - 8 oz., which is -- hands down -- the most superior product on the market for dressing and protecting one's interior vinyl, rubber and plastic components. (I have purposefully linked the smallest, lowest cost product offerings for you to test for yourself).That being said, Griot's Undercarriage Spray is... well, it's garbage, really. And ""garbage"" is not a word I use lightly as a pro detailer.1.) It will, in fact, re-color one's under-carriage and wheel wells... for about as long as it takes to drive through a hard rain and all the water left on the road from such a soaking.2.) It smells AWFUL of petrochemicals: DO NOT use this product in your garage or any sort of confined space: you WILL get the mother of all headaches.3.) Holy Moses, is this stuff EXPENSIVE for what it is and what it does: which is true of a lot of Griot's stuff. I need not say this to most people, but just in case: buy the PRODUCT, not the hype behind it. Further, trust the reviews of those that are probable to know better.The truth is this: ANY spray tire dressing will work as well (and likely better) as Griot's Under Carriage Spray for reconditioning one's wheel wells (which is what most people buy this product for).Here's a free tip: most tire dressings are silicone-based and are therefore very heavy. When squeezing the trigger, give your wrist a fairly quick flick in the direction you are spraying to minimize running of the product.AJBest-Auto-Detail.com"
"To the extent I used it, this wax produced results that are no better than you can get from many other products. I never did do my whole car with it because, applied according to instructions using the Griot's random orbital machine, this wax was ridiculously difficult to remove. After some experiments with application technique, I decided there was no point in hassling with it and went back to my Meguiars. To add injury to insult, Best In Show Wax is a non-returnable product. Now I've got most of a $20 bottle sitting uselessly in my basement. This may be my first 1-star review, but at such a price it's got to be the worst value in car wax I've ever encountered."
"On the plus side, this comes in nice packaging (doesn't include the sprayer) and smells nice.Unfortunately, it is carnauba-based and doesn't last at all. Think maybe one or two car washes or a month max. Of course, there are some paste/liquid carnauba waxes that only last a month, but there are some that will last several months. My point is that there are better polymer-based spray-on or quick-detailer products out there.This cannot take the place of a proper wax, but it is convenient in that you can spray it on while drying your car and add a little bit of protection until you can use a proper wax.As far as spray on products, there are better products out there if time is what you're trying to save. These include a range of products from Ultima Paint Guard Plus (a wipe-on walk-away paint sealant) to Finish Kare #425 (a spray-on/quick-detailer).In the end, it is OK, but then I knock off a star because it has a pretty bad tendency to streak which takes extra effort and towels to buff off."
"Not sure this works so great.  I just tried using it to remove scads of bugs on the very low grille on the front of my Scion FR-S.  I read the simple instructions multiple times just to get it right.  But, I have to say that very little junk was removed - some was, but not much.  I even tried a rough-surfaced pot scrubber in spots, but that didn't get much off either.  I was able to clean up a few very small smudge spots here and there around the vehicle; that was nice.  Overall, I won't use it again."
"1.  make sure your surface is as clean as possible.2.  clean these pads as often as possible while using them (i use compressed air and a pad brush).these pads do NOT like to get dirty and they do not like to overheat.  I've had several pads literally go &#34;poof&#34; on my Griots DA polisher.  The center just disintegrates and foam goes everywhere.I've since switched to lake country pads and have found they are much more durable and more versatile.These are a good beginners pad, but once you figure out how the whole DA polishing thing works, upgrade to better pads."
"Does a good job, however, I probably will not buy aging. Smell is nauseating. Does not last too long. Did bring back the black and looked ok. Dirt stuck to well after 1 light application and let dry."
"At fist I thought this pad was first rate but the second time I used it the hook and loop lining separated from the pad. I'm going to try and glue it back on but I'm not convinced it will work.UPDATE: I used this pad a third time and noticed that the hook and loop piece had shrunk substantially on the back of the pad making the pad much smaller. As mentioned before the hook and loop separated from the pad and I tried to glue it back. It lasted for about 30 min and then I had to throw it away.  In my opinion not a good investment at all. I DO NOT recommend this product. I'm going to try Chemical Guys next."
"Initially I was happy with this product.  It looked sturdy and looked like its made of high quality foam.  I have been pretty happy with the rest of the Griots except for their machine polishes.Yesterday I decided to use this thing for my fenders using the Griots 3 inch random orbital.  First 15 mins of usage the hook and loop separated and the pad flew leaving me with a marred paint due to backing plate smacking onto my fender.  In comparison I had bought some Harbor Freight pads and after several uses still works great.  Thanks Griots for making a 5 pad ruining my car and now its going to cost me a few thousand dollars to fix my paint."
"I bought this thinking it was the wash product. Was going to return it but did not. I use it but it does not seem to shine any better than a duster or clean towel."
"My result using this was not very good. It tends to leave light dried wax residue streaks that you cannot set while drying the car and only notice later. This will promote you to wipe them off, which subsequently can leave more swirls on your car.I think you are better off not using this and just waxing your car normally a little more often."
"Someone else here also had the same comments:  It's noisy, very annoyingly so, and skips and bounces, leaving trails of water. A real time waster.  Glad to hear it works for some, but didn't for me.  Problem might be too much flexibility, too soft, and the ""T"" part of the blade itself.  My comparision, Detailer's Choice:  no noise, straight blade, no water trails, a very fast blade."
"Sorry, if you can't get an original old-stock super-deep California Water blade for ~$30 from someone selling old stock merchandise - just give up and go back to old-fashioned chamois or towels. The blade on this new-style (not-so) &#34;original&#34; one is way too stiff and just does NOT work that well.The current style California blades are not as good as the older ones. We have also tried numerous knock-off style silicon wipers but none or them (either)  have the deep highly flexible blades of the old-style original California water balds.Why California Water blades changed their great original design is beyond our comprehension."
"I wanted to like this but all it did was squeak and bounce across the glass and the car surface, leaving the water behind. It was useless."
"Yes, it will work but it is really difficult to get it on the fins because it is wide and the other straighteners on the wheel interfere with your ability to get close to the edges.  I've seen some that are straight with one size per rod.  A friend purchased that one and it is much more useable.  I also found that the cheap plastic is so flimsy that some of the blades are not evenly spaced and this will cause it to press the fins apart unevenly.Will it work?  Yes.  Is there a better choice?  Definitely."
"i can see how this might work good on big pitch window ac units and the like.... but I tried to use it on a 22 pitch 5 ton 14 seer modern unit and it is basically useless....  that tight of a pitch caused real problems with the plastic material successfully mating with the fins and the plastic got damaged right away....  then on top of that, even when using soapy water or lube to try to ease movement it wouldn't effectively spread the fins....  it might be a good product for some uses, but for tight pitch modern large systems... it's a waste of money"
"I have a Check Engine light on, Code P0420 I believe on my Chevy Truck.  I tried it but it didn't work.  What has happened is my Converter has broken up into Pieces.  So nothing you dump into the fuel is going to fix that issue!  Now my problem is that I can't buy a Replacement Cat for my 2003 Chevy Silverado with a 5.3L Engine that's California Legal other then the whole Pipe and both converters from the Dealer.  Even though if I was in any other state I could buy a converter for like $90.  So I guess I'll just Pollute for another Year+ until either one gets Certified, or I have to fork out $800+.So this stuff won't work if your converter is broken up.  Your just wasting your money."
"I'm going to call as I see it and it did not work for me at all. I did not think it could really do what it claims to do and I was optimistic hoping it could make a difference but it did not help at all.I used as directed and had no check engine light on, but when I filled up after using this product my check engine light came on on the way home from the station. I was hoping it needed more time to work but it keeps coming back on -  this did not help at all -  $30 wasted"
"Originally I was satisfied with this purchase because they were decently priced and bright, but already after a short 3 weeks; one of the bulbs has burnt out.  When I installed them I wore gloves and was still careful not to touch the bulbs as best as I could so I don't think it was caused by an error during installation.  Maybe I just received a faulty bulb, but either way I will not be ordering from this brand again and I wouldn't recommend this product."
"This truly is an absolutely abysmal product. The black brush broke within two minutes of very light usage. Before it broke, the bristles kept falling out, making my attempt at detailing redundant as I had to go back and individually remove these bristles, one by one, since they fell out and flew all over the place. On top of that, the bristles seem to be dyed black. I say this because the second they came in contact with a very light detergent, the color transferred to the surface I was working on and was difficult to clean off. Then the entire brush fell apart. See my uploaded photos. The vent tool is worthless. No dirt would stick to it. All it did was smear the dirt around. And then the white brush... it's too light to do anything productive with. It's like trying to detail with someone's pony tail. It's just floppy and serves no real purpose.I resorted back to using the free toothbrushes I got from a hotel and q-tips. They are better made and leave a car looking better than this product. Just total garbage."
"Not too impressed with this set. Too pricey for what you get.Referring to the picture of this item:Brush on the left: The brush will not really clean your vents well...unless you were trying to scrub off dried snot or a bug that manage to get in the vent, useless.Brush in the middle: nylon hairs on this brush is a bit stiff and too short, not really sure what you can dust or clean well in you car's interior.Brush on the right: best and most useful in package as you can dust out all crevices, vents,knobs etc with this brush....unfortunately the hairs fell off rather easily on some light dusting.I'd recommend buying some cheap paint brushes/ art brushes from a dollar store to do the same job"
"I thought I'd try these for a few dollars. The first one came apart while I used it on my first truck! The tires were pretty big and not that smooth, but I expected a little higher quality than that. The second one lasted a couple of vehicles before it also fell apart. I ended up spending a little more money to get one that lasts. I think the glue is pretty weak and should be stronger."
"Used a new tire glaze with these applicators. The black color from the sponge bleed onto my hands. Shape and size of the applicators required two swipes to cover the width of the tire. Just poorly designed overall. I would not purchase these again."
"I've been detailing and cleaning my vehicles for the past 15 years. So I'm rather particular about what I use and how I clean the vehicles. Which is why I used this on a friends vehicle  (with their permission) who doesn't particularly care about how it looks. :)First of all, you should NEVER use any product like this on a dirty vehicle without washing it first. Otherwise you are simply rubbing dirt directly into the paint and you will have swirl marks. Especially if you have a dark colored vehicle. The vehicle should idealy be washed with pressure washer to remove large/loose dirt (or reputable touchless wash if not available), and then with a wash mit and bucket (with grit guard) using car wash soap. If it's in the kitchen, don't use it. Car wash soap only please.Once you have a 99% clean vehicle, you may then proceed to use the Lucky Earth detailing kit. You can use this to clean up any spots you may have missed on the paint, wheels, or even glass if you feel like it. For this, the product got the job done. But then again, so does plain old H2O with a microfiber towel. Perhaps if you don't have clean water available, this would work. But then again, how did you wash the vehicle in the first place?Compared to the normal detailing products I have and currently do use such as Meguiars and Zaino... well, there is no comparison. These products do a far better job as cleaning, adding shine, protection, and even helping cover up swirls.The tire kit provides a matte finish (ie. not shiny). I'm not really sure if added any protection since it looks and feels the same as it did after it was washed with soap and water. But it did pick up more dirt. Once again, it's a tire. Water/Towel would do the same thing. We won't bother comparing this to anything else.Then you have to consider the cost. This is somewhat pricey for a detailing kit. But I suppose that's the price you pay for earth-friendly products.Pros:* Earth-friendly.* Very nice towels* Removes water spots like you've never seen before* Did I mention the soft microfiber towels?Cons:* Expensive* Potentially costly and harmful washing directions* ""Non-earth friendly"" products do much better.Overall, I like trees too. But the Lucky Earth product only cleans stuff slightly better than water. And not how they claim it should. There is no way you are ditching traditional washing methods for a spray bottle on a dirty vehicle.My suggestion: If you need a detailing kit, buy well known products such as Meguiars and use them on cars only. Not trees. They are definitely car-friendly."
"Before using this when bathing my two Miniature Schnauzers, I read the other reviews. I was surprised to see that there were two distinct camps, the &#34;Best Thing Since Sliced Bread&#34; group and the &#34;Worthless&#34; group. I have to say that I vote with the worthless group.First off, what does one compare these two? Towels roughly the same size would be tea towels and hand towels. O.K., these are definitely better than tea towels. Hand towels, hard to say, I don't use hand towels I use old bath towels and there is no comparison, bath towels win every time. Second, the pockets for one's hands seemed like a good idea but in fact is limiting. The towel material in between the two ends doesn't get used unless you are doing a shoeshine-type motion from one end to another which certainly doesn't work for my dogs, or any dog with hair, for that matter. Even using them to wipe down a dog's legs or underbelly is more difficult than with a hand towel.I didn't give them one star because they aren't completely useless and some people may find uses for them. I won't be using them again for my dogs nor do I recommend them."
"Pretty bad when use with a DA. Mine had a big tear even before I'm done with my 1st car. According to Meguiars, they don't recommend this pad with Meguiars DA G110v2"
"While it stayed together, it made quick work of some paint oxidation (when combined with meguiar's running compound and a meguiar's buffer)... but it literally fell apart before I was even half way done with the job.  The buffer unit gets hot and melts the glue that holds the velcro to the pad and then the whole thing just starts to disintegrate.  I wouldn't buy this set up again."
"Bought this cause of the name... it does not smell good at all... I used it once and have not used it again.. maybe its just my preference but I did not like it."
"Dont buy this worse smell ever. Now i cant stand the smell in my truck now im stuck. With it"
"I am a huge Chemical Guys fan. I used and still use their Blacklight Wax and the jetseal 109.I also have their New Car scent (which I am running low on) so I decided to try this one out. First, it smells very similar to the New car scent BUT the scent does not last long at all.I literally believe the leather scent stays in the car for a couple of hours and that's it. The new car scent doesn't last long either but it lasts for at least a day, maybe two.While the scent is good, its not worth it because you have to go through so much product."
"I bought 2 pairs of these. 1 bulb is DOA. Too much hassle to return so I went ahead and bought another pair.For the price, eh, I can't really complain..."
"Ugly, heavy, uncomfortable and hot. There is really nothing good to say about this jacket. Save your money and order something else."
"Left auto windows streaking had to really wipe on it, I was surprised used other products from griot's and they were great!Will not buy again"
"These are okay except the fact that they have a sewn in soft paper label. There is a tear off perforation to tear the label off, but some bit of paper still remains attached to the towel. So, this is an area you have to be careful of and avoid having it contact your paint, making the towels a bit less useful and nice.Get these instead, better and they are even edgeless:DETAIL MASTER PRO 16"" x 16"" Eagle Edgeless Blue Professional Microfiber Detailing Towels (Pack of 5)"
"This pump is very slow (pumps small amount per shot).  The hoses kept coming off and I had to purchase a hose clamp to finish my transfer.  This product is not for anyone who does not have a lot of time.It does pump tranny grease just fine but with a great deal of effort.  My machine took three quarts and it took me more than a half hour to pump that much."
"I did not like this product, other users I spoke to liked it. I found it difficult to clip together even when looking in a mirror. I would rate this as a no stars, do not buy."
"Latch was very stiff and hard to make the connection when you can't see what you are doing (under your chin).  Got it misaligned once and couldn't unlatch it.  Also pinched a bruise on my neck once when my skin got caught between the parts.  Removed it an replaced it with the Raider quick disconnect, which works great.  Buy the Raider instead of this one.  You will be happier."
"I will be purchasing another type of Helmet Quick Release after having this Echo Quick Release for a few weeks now.For starters I just don&#8217;t like the design.  The metal clip gets lodged in sideways when trying to secure the two ends of the unit together.  Then it becomes a two hand and sometimes two man project to get your helmet off.  The design is simply too skinny for me to blindly &#8220;Thread the Needle&#8221; if you will and get the clip secured.Sorry, but I do not recommend this product."
"The LEDs died on this item but it still charges.  I will investigate the warranty and get back here.  Purchased thru Amazon fulfilled by HRPWorld.com"
"DEFECTIVE as others stated. First, the batteries fit very tightly but they fit. Second, hazardous!!! Inserted batteries. Turned switch on and the fan worked - not much air but figure any air movement in a fridge works. HOWEVER, because of the comments that the batteries got hot I put the unit on a cement floor with the switch off.  Returned in about 20 minutes and could not hold the batteries.  So hot that the outer battery skin was blistering. Don't know if the plastic could get hot enough to start a fire but the batteries could get hot enough to leak all over your refrigerator.  HEED OTHERS ADVICE.  Don not buy this item.  Of course, Amazon accepted return no questions asked."
"First one I ordered came right out of the box with the fan torn off and rattling around in the sealed cage. I could see it was broken before I even opened the package. Bought it from Amazon, so was able to exchange it for another one. Very fast delivery, returns made simple for sure. The next one was just as the other reviews described. Very difficult to install the batteries, but with enough pressure I can install anything. I pushed so hard to get the batteries into the thing that I drove the fan support plate up underneath the fan and had to use a thin screw diver to push it back down. the fan does work though. I guess if the batteries ever die I will need to throw the thing away cause there is no chance that they are coming back out without cracking the housing."
"I sprayed this on a car part, without doing any prior cleaning with a disk pad, I haven't noticed anything changed."
"Despite the item description, not compatible with 2009 Dodge SUVs which have canbus autolights. The harness did plug right into two different brands of HID kits, but did not stop the flickering at all."
"the ends are too large around to fit into the storage area.  which means now i have a stinky sewer hose in a garbage bag.  not good.  this is basic stuff - sewer storage diameter is pretty much standard in all newer rv's (less than 15 yrs old). so its its not rocket science to make sure the hose and its permanently attached fittings fit into that area."
"I purchased this RhinoFlex 5' Sewer Hose Extensinon Kit with coupler and it was nothing but a BIG Problem while on my month long trip.  I never could get the couplers connected so had to hold them to the end of the hose when dumping my motor home.  I ended up not even using the connector to the dump but just feeding my hose down in the hole.  I had to do this as the other coupler came lose and had to hold it on the motor home outlet so my waste wouldn't spill all over the place.  Some guy emailed me and told me it took him forty minutes to figure out how to connect the couplers but it was a peace of cake after that.  (I have had it and will not even try to do this!)  I am thinking of returning it but I threw away the box and it is too much trouble.  I do not see how they  would sell such a product knowing the couplers are so hard to connect, if in fact, you can connect them."
"It works but the fittings won't fit inside my 4&#34; square bumper. The Valterra brand does fit. So there.  ~Pegleg~"
"This Rhino hose can't stand UV light. In direct sunlight if you leave one attached to the RV it's come apart in just a few months. Mine came completely apart in several locations and had to many pin holes to count. The cheap hose I replaced this one with from Walmart has been out in the same light in the same location for over a year and a half and still looks like new while the Rhino was in the dumpsters in one third of that time."
"As long as your ""stuff"" flows down hill, this will work fine.  I bought this about 4 months ago and have used it quite heavily in that time.  Until this weekend it worked great, but I now see it has limitations.  The sewer connection I used this weekend was actually slightly higher than the outlet of my travel trailer (I have a very low-profile trailer). As a result, the hose stayed full after I emptied my tanks.  The problem was that with the hose constantly full of water the trailer side fittings leaked. It was a fairly steady drip and no matter how tight I tightened the fittings, they still leaked.  I am going to put this away as a back-up hose and try theValterra D04-0250 Dominator 15' Sewer Hose Kitnext."
"We've set this up 3 times since we left on our trip April 27th. Today, the 3rd time hooking it up, the elbow completely separated from the hose. Now with about 1/2 roll of duct tape holding it on it's still dripping. Flimsy, there are others out there worth the $$$ This isn't!"
"I had to return this product because it was defective.The scanner failed to mate with my onboard computer on my 2004 Toyota Corolla.I purchased a CANOBD2 CAR READER,which was a perfect mate.I highly recommend the latter. Not that the ELMSCAN 5 COMPACT was a lesser produced product. I had to return it for the reason stated above.ElmScan 5 Compact USB OBD-II Scan Tool & OBDWiz Engine Diagnostic Software (423001)"
"The Good.  the size is perfect, fits in tight spaces because they are only about1.5&#34; long, the light out put is great for softer accent lighting when bright reading light is not needed and they are at a great price.  The bad, they get hot.  Almost as hot as the incondecent bulbs.  Not someting I would expect from an LED.  The Ugly, I will not trust these to be left on unattended because they get so hot.  I like to leave a light on in the RV when we are out but on these.  I have other LEDs that stay cool and will leave them on. I would not buy these again because of this."
"The product description shows the size as 15x15x4 inches which is likely to be the size of the cordset when it is coiled but it tells me nothing as to the length of the cord when it is uncoiled - important information and as the seller is Amazon there is no one to phone or email to request the information."
"Well I hope Amazon Returns goes smoothly, because just after I opened the box, I found that I had received a defective unit.The problem is with the rotating lens. In the 12 oclock position, the detente is loose and sloppy. How would you like to film 3 hours of video only to find out that the picture tilted halfway through?Other people have complained on the contour web site and contour said they will replace the cameras with loose detentes. I assume they will replace them with refurbished/repaired units, so thats why I went right to Amazon returns.A minor second problem is that the software installer uses a program called prcview.exe, which macaffee calls flags as potentially unwanted. I have installed tons of software over the years and none has triggered alerts from macafee antivirus."
"Update:08/15/2012Battery door ripped completely off just from normal useUpdate:07/12/2012They said they sent a clip. i never got it. I contacted them again and they resent one which i received in a day or two.  After installing it all was good. Took it on vacation and my mom bumped it with the battery door off and it broke again. And more recently the battery door just fell off from the rubber pieces that held it on... it still latches but isn't leashed.Update:2/29/2012After reinstalling firmware it records again.I contacted them for a warranty claim and they said they are sending me another battery clip. I dont abuse my camcorder and it's frustrating i've had this many problems with it.Another problem i noticed is in cold weather the recorder switch doesn't lock into place and you dont get much battery life the later was expected.Update: 2/14/2012Camera just bricked it's self.So there's a metal ring that attaches the battery holder which at some point came loose and rattled around in the camera. now it doesn't record  or stay recording... tried different memory cards charged it nothing... now the 100+ bucks worth of mounts i have are worthless as is the camera it's self...I prefer the contours video over the Go pro but that's about the only thing...Low light: it's pretty good nothing spectacular but with a small image sensor i knew this.After one light drop from about 2 feet onto carpet the battery retainer broke, luckily (or not) the battery is thick enough that it cant be removed with out pliers so i'm not as worried about that.I've had the camera about 2 months now and while trying to remove it from the suction mount (panavise portion is good the contour part sucks) it ripped the back door off. (yet another overly expensive poorly constructed mount)The mounts are overly expensive and poorly constructed. It's not as rugged as i would have hoped either... I dont by any means beat on it. The worst was a 2 foot drop, i wouldn't expect it to hold up in a crashIt looks pretty compared to a teletuby go pro but i couldn't recommend getting one for more then 100 bucks if you plan on using it alot since i've already spent a ton on mounts for a camera that's turning into a paperweight more every day.Oh editing is a nightmare with the file format as welland their software is junk"
"Purchased these to replace ones from Fit System, Model # 3891, bought from Amazon in 2012 and they where far worst for viewing obstructions when backing camper into tight spaces. The ones from Fit System are far superior for use in backing campers; you can see low tree branches, eves of buildings, carport post, etc. These mirrors look better than ones from Fit System and are easier to install the first time but they don't begin to compare to usefulness of ones from Fit Systems.If you want mirrors that are easy to install and look good buy these; if you want mirrors that work buy the ones from Fit System. Once you connect the ones from Fit Systems the first time they are a breeze to connect the next time.I highly recommend the ones from Fit Systems # 3891 from Amazon and half the price."
"I purchased the Yamaha because of the good reviews and I'm a Yamaha fan owning a few products like my ATV. I had a Honda EU2000i that was 3 years old and I sold it with a travel trailer but now I felt I should of kept it. First thing I noticed when the Yamaha arrived was it seemed louder then the Honda but I thought I was being to critical. So later we went camping at my favorite spot in the desert and after placing the yamaha 30 feet from trailer where I would put the Honda I noticed the Yamaha was louder. With The Honda I could barely hear it when im in the trailer but the Yamaha was not as quit and I could easily hear it running. I was hoping it would be the same but because it's louder Im not happy at all so I sold the Yamaha and now looking to get another Honda...but dang it... Amazon is out of stock on the Honda... so Im of to Camping world.I would not recommend this generator if you want the most quietest one...but if the sound isn't an issue then it's comparable to the Honda."
"I consider myself for the most part half way competent mechanically &#8211; ie, rehabbing houses, working on cars including automatic transmission rebuilt, brakes, replacing timing belts &#8230; With that said, this triangle is pretty cool, well though out in design but really lacking in execution. The plastic where it wraps around the pivot point is just too thin and will break off &#8211; guaranteed, sooner of later. Case in point is the triangle was already broken at the pivot point in the box even before I open it &#8211; perhaps that was a return. The other good one, I had trouble setting it up at first as when you try to snap it together conventionally, it will break. Instead of snapping it together you need to pry it open a little, not to much or it will break too, then align the half round hole with the pin on its coaxial/concentric plane &#8211; its non intuitive. I think it was designed to snap in but they got the form factor slightly off during manufacturing.Imagine during an emergency on the highway in the dark, pouring rain or in freezing storm where you mind, hands and fingers are not that coordinated, do you want to play around with this? Murphy&#8217;s law, huh?"
"Is that thing abrasive? I am asking because it does not feel like it.I tried to use it on my sunglasses... It did not do anything.I did read before that it was not meant for that use and to not attempt doing it.I did not care and tried it. It had the same effect of putting moisturizing cream on it... It has a similar texture...Nothing changed at all... It did not do anything!I would actually have preferred if it had damaged the plastic because at least it would be the proof of some effect."
"Nothing wrong with the bulbs, but even at their sale price (I think it was $16 or so?) they were a poor value.  Not any brighter than the set that was in there...just the cheapo kragen brand."
"Forget the marketing hype of +90%. That is just some trick of the perverse way they are measuring it. The DOT (Department of Transportation) tightly regulates these things to something like +/- 15%. With that said, these are notably brighter than the stock 9003 bulbs which were 3 years old. Considering the originals were 3 years old, I would believe the output of these bulbs is increased towards the upper range of that 15%. I also like the color temperature of the light output which is noticeably whiter than normal halogens (but not quite true HID color).What is a terrible disappointment is that these bulbs dramatically alter the beam pattern. Perhaps this is the way that GE plays the numbers games to achieve ""up to 90% brighter [in certain areas]"". What I found is that the beam pattern went from a nice wide flat pattern to an almost dot pattern. Sure, the area in the bright dot is better lit, but the other areas are worse. In fact, the center dot has a poor cut-off causing extra glare (forcing you to aim them slightly lower). What I see are two bright dots which converge to give you a well-lit spot which is fine for straight-ahead highway use, but for curves or side lanes, it is terrible.In sum, I like the increased light output as well as the color temperature of these bulbs, and the Daily Deal price was nice, but GE compromises the beam pattern to achieve its bogus marketing claims."
"I bought these knowing that no regular bulbs are going to look like HID but thought these would be a little bit closer to HID. I saw many great reviews and that these were the top of the line. I installed them in my 2007 Ford Crown Victoria patrol car and saw no difference in brightness or color. On top of that these apparently have a shorter life span than regular bulbs. Fortunately they were on sale for a great price so I don't feel bad wasting the money."
"The bulbs ""were"" great, didn't have the overly blue color many of the high end bulbs do and were noticeably brighter than the bulbs they replaced. However 1 bulb died after less than 3 months (and no I did not touch the bulbs during installation). So in the end I give them an ""A"" for effort but the still get an ""F"" overall."
"OK product ,  didn't fit my grips..  I guess only made for their grips."
"In spite of the low cost, the design of this unit's circuitry is fairly robust -- better than some DIY designs you will find on the web.FTDI usb to serial interface IC (FT232BL), and LM393 dual voltage comparator for dual K line level conversion (only). (OK)The main drawback is that the supplied software is useless (ancient), and the instructions are useless (non-applicable to any recent versions of windows). It is also understood that there is no support.Initially installing the USB driver from FTDI web site seemed to work, but did not. Strongly consider using the latest drivers from windows update site, which work properly with VCDS lite and (of course) are signed and work well with Windows 7 (in my base 64 bit version also).Also when checking connection using VCDS lite, ""options"" (per instructions), make sure you do this _physically_ _connected_ to car's OBD port, and _not_ with other serial ports (which will falsely pass ""test"" in VCDS lite ""options"" pane). These are the two most common setup/install problems you may encounter.There is no support for this product or the software you might run with it, so take care to follow the directions precisely. If you do so, you will have a good chance of this working with recent versions of windows and vcds-lite (or other free/share ware for VW/Audi OBD).Where my sample fell short is in proper function; tested this with multiple computers and known-compatible cars (that work with other OBD-II readers); it did not ever establish a connection to the car. Software used included the VCDS freeware version, as well as two other open source tools.When checking the connections and soldering under microscope, I found that the OBD connector (J1962) that connects to the car jack was poorly soldered. Otherwise the device appears well put together.Amazon processed a refund properly; boost review a star given huge value and good fallback if all else fails.BTW purchased the similar, but better-built cable, from ecstuning for about 3x the total cost. Very happy with that bit of hardware."
"I bought this thinking it will work with my 1994 Vw golf. The CD that comes with it is useless and outdated and the cable did not serve it's intended purpose at the end"
"NEEDS DRIVER AND SOFTWARE HELP WILL NOT INSTALL AUTO INSTALL DISC WONT DO NOTHING BUT TELL YOU WHAT IT WONT DO."
"In less than a year these brackets have rusted . The thing is I keep my Bike in the garage when not in use. Once again most likely made in China like must things SOLD at Amazon."
"this is a nice piece of equipment and it is a must have for an RV water system but i found out very quickly that i was switching compressor hoses constantly because this wasnt the same size as my air tools, yeah you can change those nipples out but honestly, just use the valve stem style blow out and you wont have any problem."
"I though what a great idea, blow air into lines and clear them so they wont freeze right? Well I wondered about the low lines or the dips throughout the coach the pex may have in hidden areas if water didn't get totally blow out and accumulate in these areas. Well this past fall I blew the lines good with air and my good air compressor to the right pressure no to over do what the lines can hold and long and a few times.Well with the super cold winter we had I got nervous after a few super cold days in Dec and figured I would pump rv antifreeze through all the lines which I have always done just in case my fears were right. Well it would not pump through all the water lines because the accumulated water left in pex lines were frozen in some areas. I warmed up coach for a few hours and used a few space heaters till lines became unfrozen. Then the water pump finally drew in the antifreeze and I had no leaks and felt good the rest of the winter knowing the lines were protected.A thought also went through my mind when I was pushing compressed air in from my compressor to my water lines thinking how clean is this air that blowing through the air lines and compressor into my fresh water drinking lines?So the product does what its designed to do convert air to screw in part of water inlet after that I am not sure it gets all the water out. Plus just knowing the rv antifreeze is in all the lines is a safe thing to know your really covered good when you flush it in the spring and have no surprising leaks anywhere from a cracked pex line or connector somewhere"
"I returned these due to them not working on my trailer it has side skirts on it and it was impossible to use these even turned upside down Sending back and ordering standard wheel chocks."
"Looks good on paper but has no effect on the movement of  33'  travel trailer. I put down the landing gear and have normal movement when someone gets up and moves around. Got a pr of these hoping they'd alleviate that movement. NO CHANGE WHAT-SO-EVER. These might keep you from rolling away if parked on a steep hill but so will a good set of wheel chocks and i know they'd cost a lot less. Don't waste your money buy the wheel chocks..."
"Okay, this does appear to be a smooth running machine, BUT, smooth or not, it's no good if the pads don't stay on over a ""3"" setting.I got this to restore the finish on a white 2005 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor that I bought from the local auction. I actually wrote in and asked Meguiar's if it could be used with their 105 compound. They said yes and I ordered the machine.Unfortunately, the pads would not stay on at the higher speeds in order to cut through the scratches and there is no way it would cut 1,200 to 1,500 sand lines like they advertise it doing in many of their videos. So, I learned that issue on the trunk, and did the rest of the car with 3,000 and after several applications of 105 at the slower speeds got the car to shine and ready for the 205 polish.I did write in to Meguiar's regarding the pad issue and they did send me a pad and a new backing plate. Unfortunately, they sent me the 5""-6"" backing plate and NOT the 7"" plate that this machine is all about, so what's the point? Locally, ONLY 8"" pads are available in all the parts stores, so that's another issue, your pads must be ordered also.I thought I did all my homework before I ordered this product and looked at videos and reviews all over the place. I guess I didn't pay enough attention because when I received the machine and reviewed specific videos on product use I noticed many of the Meguiar's training videos show Maguire's folks using a MAKITA ROTARY tool and a WOOL pad at high speeds! I think that should have been a CLUE!Anyway, in my next life I am going to at least go down to the local auto paint supply store and see what they are offering before I buy online. While 3M stuff is not so prevalent in the auto supply stores around here and I haven't seen any ""good"" DA's with the pressure responsive motors and the speed ranges of the online stuff, I'm sure they must have a complete set of products that local professionals are using for about the same price ... less the aggravation.I've used Meguiar's products since the Blue Coral era in the 70's and between this DA thing and multiple problems with their failing spray bottles I am moving on to other vendors."
"This little unit is a workhorse.  It's basically a dual action grinder motor that has been adapted for use as a buffer.  The problem it has is thus...  the way the pad attaches to the buffer is a cheap velcro system.  The pads will not stay put (had to stop frequently to re-center them).  This would just be annoying, but it gets worse.  After an hour of use the unit started to get hot and it conducts this heat down into the buffing pad.  The velcro on the pad is held in place with glue... so when the pad gets hot, the glue lets go and the pad disintegrates while you're working.  This is just plain poor design ... especially for a $150 buffer.  If they could overcome this, it would be a great unit... otherwise it's a waste of money for anyone who is doing serious detailing work."
"If I pay for a  ""A & E Hand Tools 4450A E-Z Grip Spark Plug Gap Gauge"" I expect to see the red gauge...instead of a orange, cheaper grade LANG gauge, no pocket clip. Having the pleasure of owning a real ""A & E Hand Tools 4450A E-Z Grip Spark Plug Gap Gauge"" this is nowhere the same item. No where in this listing does it say or substitute, not even a email or nothing saying it would be substituted.  I mean if I wanted the cheap LANG I could have stopped by SEARS for five bucks."
"At least I obtained Lexol's Premium Tire Shine Spray through Amazon's Vine program, because I would have been greatly disappointed had I paid the going price. The main issue is that Stoner, Meguiar, and Mother's all make superior products, and all of them are readily available at auto supply stores.  The spray nozzle on the Lexol product produces an awfully wide spray, which tends to lead to waste and having to clean the overspray off your wheels when used in the wide setting.  On the narrow setting, there's still a fair amount of run-off waste.  The biggest problem is that this product is not nearly as shiny as its competitors, nor does it seem to last appreciably longer.  If you're in a pinch, Lexol's Premium Tire Shine Spray is ok, but if you can find one of the three competitors listed above at a comparable price, then think twice about this product."
"This product has silicone which has been proven to degrade tires and dry them out. So while this product will make your tires look shiny, the tires will not last as long if you use this.The manufacturer claim that this product protects your tires is completely false."
"Okay, I didn't expect a lot, but I did expect it to inflate an automobile tire. Compressor would come on, but tire would totally deflate while running--same thing with trying to inflate a bicycle tire! I learned my final lesson with Slime. This was not my first faulty product from this manufacturer."
"Piece of junk. Took forever to inflate a normal car tire and broke after about 2 months. Total waste of money."
"I got a small construction staple stuck in my tire. Right on the tread, a few very small holes. Exactly what this product is designed for. I followed the directions to a 'T', the Slime &#34;clotted&#34; in the hole and stopped the leak, and then I drove a few miles slowly to get the stuff well distributed in the tire. I measured the pressure over a few hours and it held. The next day, however, I drove to work and when I came back to my car that evening, the tire was flat. Lost pressure faster than when I had the staple in! It's been extremely cold here (Boston in February) and we've got a lot of snow, so my guess is that this stuff doesn't work too well in those conditions.I know a lot of people seem to have good luck with this, but I figured it would be useful to temper things a bit with the perspective of somebody for whom this product didn't work at all. Most importantly, watch out when using this in very cold weather.One more thing: if you look at the reviews you'll see that's it's pretty much either 5 stars (worked for people) or 1 star (didn't at all) with not much in between. It appears to work for about 3 out of 4 people, resulting in a pretty high average review (hence the four star overall rating). And that's assuming the Slime people are uncommonly honest and don't post false positive reviews.Put another way, THERE IS AT LEAST a 25% CHANCE THIS PRODUCT WILL BE A DISASTER FOR YOU! A 25% chance this will cause you far more trouble than if you'd just had the tire patched or used a more conventional tire sealnt, and that will make you deeply regret buying this. I'd actually say that for a product like this a 25% chance of failure is WAY too high. So, consider the 4/5 star review in that context. 4/5 might be a good rating for a TV, but for a product that is fixing something as important to your safety as a car tire, having a 3:1 ratio of five to one star reviews actually isn't that great."
"This jump-starter, air compressor, inverter, is of excellent quality and usefulness.  As mentioned in other reviews, it would be nice if they included an AC power cord; and possibly a DC power/charging cord for the price.  This is a fairly large unit and takes up a large amount of room in a trunk or the back of a station wagon/hatchback.  It charges fast and has plenty of reserve power to start our motor home or inflate large tires. Great carry handle.UPDATE 19 May 2011:  The user manual was missing.  Now I need it to check something. Item itself is pretty user friendly.  Tried to download manual on website from manufacturer (UPGI.com) but no manuals or documents available from support.  None available from Energizer.  Tried Google.  No one has uploaded manual yet.  Finally found support 800 number for UPG Inc. which is also a wholesale/retail sales number.  Nice lady answered.  She took my name, email, telephone, address, etc.  Said she would ""look around"" for one and send it ""somehow"" if she finds one.Apparently, this is a ""marketing arrangement"" where they buy the use of the Energizer name, then import and distribute it.Design pretty good.  Sales-marketing good.  Support not so good.  Technical support essentially non-existant.  Downgraded to two stars.  Will post another update if I ever get the manual."
"This is a handy product i must say. An ALL-IN-ONE! But the fact still remains that the power inverter does not last to one's satisfaction. Infact, the power inverter cannot fill air into a new tyre. That is only it's disadvantage; Power inverter does not last!"
"Just got through using this applicator pad. Did not like it. Would not absorb the paste wax such that I could not go very far without having to dip back into the can again for more wax. Very wasteful of my time and my wax. My hand cramped while using it.  I now realize that I prefer a thinner pad.I see nothing 'premium' about it, and I have used lots of applicators over the years, including foam, microfiber, and even the little pad I got with my  P21s Concours wax.  All were better, IMO, than this one.  I like Smart Wax products, but this applicator was for me at least, a dud.Of course, your experience, along with your wax, may be different."
"This stuff dries way too fast...stay away unless you have a Buffer Machine - Unimpressed!  Get McGuiars its soo much better."
"as most locking gas caps go, it's a pain to use the things and this cap makes it just a bit more of a pain... about a month ago, I unlocked the thing to put gas in, since you need the key to even put the thing back on the car I poked the key back into the hole and turned it and began putting it on as usual. It kept locking, causing it to spin freely even though the key was in and turned... and then it unlocked and stayed that way and I used it for about a week until I got another gas cap. I was afraid it was going to lock and I'd have to pry the stupid thing off and nothing would ever work on it again! meh, I'll find a way to make the door lockable..."
"Its listed at water resistant but it is not water resistant.Its raining right now and I can see my motorcycle is covered in water. No protection. Nada.Great fit great looking cover for maybe dust and wind but not for rain.Plan to return and get something with real water resistant cover."
"I think this is is a dumb design. You have to put the key in and turn and turn and turn and turn. What it does is unthread on a small diameter bolt, maybe 1\4""? I get the impression that I need to put some silicone on it before using it to keep it from corroding and rusting. It will probably work fine to keep the hitch in the receiver, but not convenient and I doubt these small threads would survive a good pry bar. JMHO"
"This lock is advertised and labeled as fitting class III and IV hitch receivers.  It is also recommended by Amazon to be purchased with the Allen 2 Bike Hitch Carrier.  Although this lock is solidly constructed, the 5/8"" diameter pin is too large to fit either the Allen 2 Bike Hitch Carrier or any class III hitch receiver that I've ever seen.  Amazon was gracious about allowing me to return it for a full refund.  I've replaced it with a lock with a smaller pin that actually does fit a class III hitch receiver.  This large, heavy lock was apparently designed for a class IV hitch receiver, not a class III."
"This product does not deliver value.  It is labeled as 'large' and having a capacity of 64 liters.  I had hoped this tote would live up to its advertising but it did not even come close.  I am still wondering what the purpose is for the ""clear"" top panel since a) it has a dense white grid pattern  and b) it cannot be seen through.  The carry handles are inconvenient and require one to use two hands as they are placed vertically at the midway point of each side.  Very awkward to carry anything, let alone a full load.  The frame is not sturdy and you would not be able to put anything on top of this.  The non-skid base does not keep the tote in place as claimed.  The final nail in the coffin is the price; I find the $50 price tag almost laughable since the item falls so short of its claims.  Depending upon your need I would recommend using duffel bags or those plastic molded totes with lids if you need more support.  In both cases you will save yourself some hard-earned cash."
"I had high hopes for this product since keeping things organized in my trunk is challenging. I have a hatchback and always keep the back seats folded down. I am also not able to fully grasp the concept of ""traveling light"" so there's always a lot of stuff knocking about.I have an organizer that I really like - it's made by Rola (their M.O.V.E. model which comes in various sizes and is sold by Amazon). It has moveable dividers, collapsible, and is perfect for keeping grocery bags and the like secure in the trunk. But, it's low, so tall things can topple out. I had been using an old plastic bin to carry taller items, and thought the Thule bag would be much better.Well, it looks nice, but in terms of actual use, doesn't offer any more value than my $1.99 plastic bin. The Thule bin has the capability to collapse, but it's somewhat ackward to do - the metal rods are tough to wedge into place. It's a two-handed operation. The Rola design is much better/easier.There's no dividers within the bin, nor are there any pockets on the outside. It's basically a nylon representation of a box, with a zipper on the top and handles on the side. The base is non-skid, but is not all that grippy. Stopping short caused the bin to slide quite a bit.I wish I could be more positive about this since Thule does make some good products. While this is well-built (good zipper, nice stiching, and quality nylon material) it needs to go back to the drawing board -- either add more value to it by adding features such as dividers, pouches, etc. or drop the price by way more than half. As it stands, if you buy this you're paying an awful lot for something that is functionally equivalent to a plain box."
"This is a trapizodial box with a zipper top.  There is a wire frame you must push down to get it to stand up.  (Hint: place it on a hard flat surface to get the wire sides to stay in place.)  There is a zipper across the top, handles on the sides and cynch straps on each side to tighten ____ (?) (I have no idea.)Mine arrived incorrectly assembled.  The cynch straps ran outside the handles and made the handles unusable.  I looked at the picture on the box and realized the cynch straps were supposed to go inside the handles.  You can't unthread the cynch straps, but you can unhook them from the bottom attachment and re-run them.The ""clear"" panel on top is not clear at all.  Translucent maybe.  No chance you can see what is inside.The ""non-skid"" base is really not very effective at all - especially because the smooth fabric from the sides wraps around the bottom edges.I really don't understand the purpose of this.  A cardbox would do the same thing.  In fact, it might do it better.  This has a trapizodial shape which is smaller on the bottom than the top. This greatly reduces your ability to put things in the bottom.  It also only has a central zipper, so you can't even open the whole thing up to put in tall items.There are no internal dividers, and not even any tie down points around the outside to afix it to the floor of your trunk.Essentially, you are buying a fairly ineffective box with a THULE logo on the outside.  I, for one, am not at all impressed with this product and do not recommend it.  Two stars - not one - because the fabric, zipper and overall assembly are pretty high end."
"I thought this would be the perfect organizer of sorts for my husband's SUV. The size and description seemed perfect. However, unless you plan on loading the organizer/tote inside of the vehicle, it is not very easy to carry or transport. The handles are awkward and the quality of construction just did not seem worth the price. I agree with the other reviewer who mentioned that Amazon went overboard with non-Eco friendly packaging for mailing the item -- unnecessary! The box could have been shipped in it's original packaging as the item it is not breakable, and the cardboard box it was packed in at the factory was sturdy. Disappointing."
"My Hi-Lift with the cast base (v. the stamped) doesn't fit very well in this.  Not sure if I will end up using it."
"I couldn't see any improvement at all. I sanded, I polished, over and over again. I got nothing. This was a total waste of money."
"This is the strangest offering yet by Amazon Vine.The wipers are offered in packs of 1, and I was not aware you could not order two of the same size.  I have a GMC Savana that requires two 22"" blades.  I place the Vine order for one, and then found I could not order another.  Obviously, replacing one wiper blade is not going to help.  What use is receiving just one?I can buy another from Amazon for approximately $17, but my Anco wiper refills cost $6 and work fine.  We are not allowed to return or give away Vine merchandise, so what was this offer good for?"
"A review of this wiper blade was entered in the AutoTex 18"" by mistake.However, the same thing applies to this offering.  You can get one blade, but not two that are needed.  Vine should consider this before offering items like this.To purchase a second AutoTex wiper blade via Amazon would cost 3 times as much as I spend on wiper blades, and I truly don't believe the AutoTex blades can wipe rain off my windshields three times faster.Not a good offer for Amazon Vine"
"I have been addicted to Meguiars Gold Class car wash for years and have never used anything else. It is fantastic and gives a nice shine afterwards as well. The water beads up and it is very easy to dry. It seems as if it is a shampoo and conditioner. I went to the auto parts store and found Meguiar's ""Ultimate car wash"" on sale for $7.99 and thought I would give it a try. I was a bit disappointed. It is a strange yellow color and it is thick and I personally did not care for the smell. It cleaned very well, but it was almost as if the wax was gone after I used it. The car was not slippery anymore, it had am actual layer of water and not beads, so it was harder to dry as well, even with an absorber. I have only used it a couple of times on two different cars and I think that ... I am going to pass it up and go back to the Gold Class ! I may try it once more, but if it produces the same result I am going to toss it out in the trash. No wonder it is on sale. ""Ultimate"" ? I don't think so."
"This is an update to my original review in June 2010, which was very positive.This IS a nice product, producing copious suds that last, good at cleaning the vehicle.  So, nothing new there.However, I always wondered about the claims of the wash containing carnauba and polymers. Since one normally has to buff waxes off the car, just HOW did this product leave these wax type finishes on a car? Why wouldn't you have to buff this after using it?Then it occurred to me. My black car always has a good wax finish - do I NEED to be putting something from a wash in addition to that? When I wash a car, I hose it down, mix up the sudsy shampoo, wash all areas, squeegie off the water with a silicon blade and finish up by wiping up any remaining droplets/moisture with one of those damp, ChamWow type, high absorbancy felt towels. This worked fine, BUT, with the Meguiar's, I always had to follow up on the glass with an additional buffing from a bath type towel. If I didn't buff the windows, even though they had been wiped clean of droplets by the ChamWow, they would be very streaked/spotted in the direct sunlight. So, although I didn't see direct streaking of the paint, I have to assume that it had the same issue as the unbuffed windows, given I wasn't buffing the car paint itself.I actually had gone to buy a new bottle of the Meguiar's. Hadn't paid much attention to prices, in that I always want a good shampoo. But then I noticed that this product is twice the price of other name brand shampoos such as Black Magic and Rain-X. PLUS, this product calls for 1 oz per GALLON, whereas those others call for 1 oz per BUCKET. So, it's actually FOUR times the price of the others.So, came back with the Black Magic, which is just a cleaning shampoo. At 1 oz per bucket (vs. the Maquiar's 2) it foamed very well, but didn't last quite as long. But, long enough to get the job done with foamy soap. I DID notice that the windows weren't streaked and car actually DOES seem to have a better shine - but have to admit, that could be wishful thinking.So, in conclusion, think this product leaves some sort of film on the car, and not a glassy one. There are plenty of options out there at 1/4 the cost, that leave NO film.  If you are willing to pay four times the price, suspect you already keep your vehicle waxed, so the dubious benefit of this product containing waxes as protectants, is a waste of money as well as leaving a less that sparkling clean finish on the car."
"Price was attractive but very poor quality construction material. I have not use because I am afraid it collapsed under high presion."
"garbage product, i spraied it well until the can became empty, i have stuck brake dust just after 3 days of driving, so the commercial is???????."
"I like how simple this product is to apply, but noticed that on my machined, and partially painted wheels it dries visible, and requires a lot of elbow grease to rub out completely to a perfect finish. I don't like to have to overwork any product on my car - not just out of laziness, but the more aggressively you have to rub anything in, risks scratches. I didn't even finish using this product, I just threw what was left away.NB: once it was completely worked in, it does leave the wheels beading - so it works, but there are other products out there that finish &#34;right&#34; first time, without the extra labor required."
"The reviews said that this was the best of the air pumps.I ordered it and returned the pump without actually using it.My Black and Decker did not have as good of  reviews as this unit had,but I didn't like not having the option of a 120 volt plug.Since I was going to give it as a gift, I wanted to make it as easy to use as possible.The idea of not being able to plug it in to a garage outlet,since you can't run the vehicle in a garage, in the time to fill the tires."
"I looked at different similar products and decided to pay extra to buy this because I wanted something that would last. Unfortunately this did not.I used it when I first got it and it worked fine. I liked the fact the hose clips on to the inflation valve and the gauge seems accurate.I stored it on my compressor over the winter and went to use it yesterday but couldn't. The pressure release button on the side had somehow fallen out of the body, leaving a gaping hole that lets all the compressed air escape. There does not seem to be any way to repair or replace that part so now the whole thing is useless and a total waste of money."
"Amazon sent me a previously-returned ARB inflator and, not surprisingly, its hose leaked.  It was leaking from where the silver hose connected to the silver body.  I returned the ARB and bought a Milton Dual Chuck Tire Inflator With Gauge which uses higher-quality materials and higher-quality construction, though the ARB has a few advantages in design.The ARB has a gauge that's easier to read than Milton's.  The only problem is that the chuck on the ARB's air hose doesn't rotate like on the Milton, so you may need to clip the ARB's hose onto the air connector at an angle that makes the ARB's gauge hard to read.The Milton's chuck is open on both sides of the tilted silver end which I've read means you can push the Milton's hose into a tight space and pull the chuck back onto an air connection.  Apparently this is necessary on certain vehicles and equipment.  If you don't need that feature, then the ARB's clip-on connector is probably more convenient.  The clip itself feels a little weak and might break over time, though if it did you could hold it against the air connector.The ARB comes with a type D quick disconnect already screwed in but on the Milton you have to supply your own sealing tape and screw in your own quick disconnect.The ARB has a button you can use to release pressure from what you're inflating but the Milton has no such feature.  I don't think it's at all difficult to release some pressure on the chuck and just let air escape from the tire and that's probably easier than using a pressure-release button anyway.  Plus having a button creates another point that can fail during manufacture or after you've owned the tool for awhile."
"After reading the high reviews I was expecting a good inflator.Sadly it is not very good at all. The needle jumps and will often stick at the 60 psi mark. I have to tap the gauge to get it to move. The crimp is not that good and it will leak air when the hose is flexed.I may have been unlucky, or it may be a sign of quality control.I didn't need to use it for several weeks after I bought it, by which time is was too late to return.very disappointed with this."
"Broke quickly after first usage and when it did work for a little while the readings were off compared to two other guages I own- a Slime and a craftsman digital so it was definitely defective then it just quit reading after a month of VERY light usage. Unhappy is an understatement and hopefully these folks read these reviews and re-design this product. Quite unhappy."
"Yes it does the job, nice size, easily latches on, but what i find truly annoying is how long it takes to reset back to zero!!  It takes like 10 seconds!  Is that a long time, in the grand scheme of things no.  But once you get that initial figure, lets say 33.5, and ur goal is 32 psi.  It can take awhile to get down to that 32.  I bought this for my father in law....I have a craftsman tire gauge that zeroes almost instantly and it has a bleeder valve, that lets the air out, and can see the psi!  love it!!  Guess I was spoiled, as this Tekton gauge annoys me.  Luckily I don't have to use it often.  Don't get me wrong, it isn't junk, but just do not like it."
"Greesy, messy, doesn't spread evenly and attracts dirt. Using it to shine my tires until its gone because its worthless for anything else."
"A could not imagine that factory manufactured item can be so much off. Sizing of the socket too loose even for 7/8"" and completely unaceptable for 22 mm.As mentioned in other reviews oversized sockets will round the nut surface since the full force will be applied to a very small area of the edges."
"Think fly paper when you buy this item. It is very sticky which means it attracts everything. It also sticks a little too well to a dash and gets worst when it is a hot dash. Pulling it up leaves a mark on your dash for a few days. I thought it would be a friction mat, not a highly sticky mat."
"The stem is somewhat loose and has a tendency to move in the base. l had wrap electical tape around that area to make it more stable. Therefore I'm disappoint in this item."
"The Walex TOI-61776 Elemonate Grey Water Deodorizer and Cleaner works ok, just ok for a few days and I have to place more in the Gray Water Tank. I wish there was a product on the market that would work alittle longer. But, you have to remember what your dealing with,&#34; A rolling outhouse&#34;!!"
"After you purchase this elbow, you are able to read the fine print, and find that it contains lead. I would rather not have lead in the connection to my fresh water system on my motor home, but I have not died yet."
"This is a great idea, but the one I received had several pinhole leaks.  Not just seepage, but small jets of water from bad casting."
"I returned this items because it contained lead in why in this day an age would something with lead in it still be sold ?"
"Got one of these when I blew out a couple hoses due to high pressure. While it did reduce the pressure, it caused backflow problems that caused hammering pipes. Resolved that, and the regulator stopped working. Turns out if it sits with backpressure on it it starts to stick. I'm on my second Camco reg and it is now starting to fail. If you use this a lot (I live in my RV, so it gets constant use) go for a good reg. If you only use it occasionally this is probably fine."
"This is a well made water regulator but it restricts the water flow to much so there is hardly any pressure in the camper.  Basically, a waste of money IMHO.  Get one with a pressure gauge and that allows you to regulate the actual water pressure."
"It just doesn't fit very well. Hard to disconnect and had a faulty connection.  Typical low quality stuff from you know where. Basically, you get what you paid for. I highly don't recommend this.  Terrible product."
"I tought I'm buying A brand new idem but I gues I was wrong this was priviusly used and it has marks of wearing all over it, it make me sad I fall for such a scam"
"Got this and just before I took it out of the box returned it.I don't know what I was thinking when I ordered this. Its a couple of clamps with bolts....Now that I'm looking at it and thinking about it, I just can't rationalize $50.Went down to Lowes and got 2 clamps, bolts, and wing nuts. Welded the wing nuts to the clamps and have a nice tube mount for the Jeep under $10.00On the rock crawler I just welded the 2 bolts directly to the roll cage... under $5.00Only one star. Not because of the quality of the item. It is quality and very well made.I only gave it one star because this item should sell for half the price."
"The product I received was different from the photo on-line.  Even different from the photo on the product box.  I sent it back to be replaced, and I got the same, wrong product.  I'm sure I could have made it work, but I don't like buying one item, and getting shipped something else, twice."
"The adapter doesn't establish a connection with the charging system in my BMW. The Tender Jr works well when attached directly to the battery but I can't get this convenient cig lighter adapter to work."
"I bought this cigarette lighter adapter so I could plug my Deltran trickle charger into my car without having to raise the hood every time. The first time I plugged it in the light on the charger lit up and I thought all was well. Later I noticed the light was out so I checked to see if my lighter socket still worked with my GPS and other devices and it does not. I checked the fuses and it is not a fuse. It ruined the lighter socket. I have not had it fixed yet because the radio surround must be removed to get to it."
"I would not buy this scraper/brush to replace my gas station cheapie.  The scraper is not so sturdy, and while the brush head can be rotated, it's actually shorter than my cheapie.Also, it does not extend.  Wrong item?  I thought perhaps there was another on my newsletter, and I accidentally ordered it instead of the extendable brush.  But there was no other OXO snowbrush, and the item I'm to review is an extendable brush.  But mine isn't.  How I struggled trying to extend the grip from the handle, until I realized the way the handle is made it couldn't possibly extend!  And sure enough, that white button toward the end of the handle that you can see in the product picture is missing from my snowbrush.A mistake can be forgiven, and I've given favorable reviews when I've bought one item and received another - so long as form, fit, and function comply with the product description.  This does not.It's a good thing it has that nice, comfy OXO grip.  I need it for the extra time it takes to brush the snow off my car, and it earned this item two stars, rather than one."
"The tie-down holes for the rope are in the completely wrong place--they are mounted near the front mirrors, as opposed to being in the middle of the car.  The rope they give is entirely too short, and frustrating--by the time you reach the hole from underside the car, the hole you initially put the rope through has fell out.The worst part?  The elasticized bottom hem isn't even the whole way around, but only on the front and rear of vehicle.  A true, quality car cover would have the elasticized bottom hem everywhere around the car.Definitely regret this purchase."
"The idea, while great, is not the greatest in execution because the manufacturer has chosen to only make the tape 3/8 inch wide.  When you bend this in half to fit your door edge, it really doesn't leave much to work with...less than 2/16 inch on each side.  Add to that the thickness of the door edge and there is even less.  It amazes me how companies try to save a few fractions of a penny to increase their bottom line, and leave it to the consumer to fend for themselves, in this case, to install this to look nicely, while not having much to grab onto.  I only did about 8 inches of my door edge, where my door would make first contact.  It's clear, so that's good and my tape is nearly invisible.  But good luck trying to tape this down your entire door frame without messing up because it's not wide enough."
"It's thinner than I had expected.  Only time will tell how it would hold up to my abuse.Btw, I used solution from a tinting kit to put it on, and it worked fine.  It takes A LOT of time and PATIENCE to get it to stick to the edge (curve) of the door sill."
"Without getting too technical, this isn't the 507 spec that VW/Skoda/Audi/Seat call for. The M in the name and on the label means it's for Mercedes. I didn't see that until I ordered it. I will keep it and sell it to a Mercedes owner hopefully. It should be more easy to pick the right oil for cars via Amazon AND via the oil and car companies."
"I hate these glass's, they leak air around foam padding. Don't like the feel of them at all. I don't know what else to write in order to leave this comment...."
"I read all the reviews and figured this purchase is a ""no brainer"" - well, I was the exception to the rule, I guess. To be fair - I own a Ford Flex and was sent mats for a Ford F-150. The mats seem like a nicely made product, but not for my vehicle. Didn't fit at all. Sent em back and paid half the price for mats that were specifically made for the vehicle."
"As a hitch pin, this is great.  It fit my hitch just fine.If you are using it to secure your hitch for a short period of time, this will be fine.The problem comes if you are one of those people that leaves their hitch on all the time.  I do this to prevent people from dinging me in the city, and, being in the city, I need to lock my hitch.The problem is that the lock will seize up with water and road grime, and it will be impossible to remove.  This happened to me, and I was prepared to spent hours under my truck with a grinding wheel.  As almost an aside, I started with a hack saw, and realized that the pin is very soft.  I was able to cut through half the pin in a couple minutes by hand with a dull hack saw.  Then, I took a hammer, whacked it one way until it bent, turned the pin around, whacked it the other way, and it broke off.So, good for me that it didn't turn into a curse fest.  But...it also made me realize that the lock will only keep honest people honest.  And, now I have to buy a new pin."
"I used this product on a myriad of leathers around the house and found that in nearly every case the &#34;Leather Honey&#34; was a disappointment.  I bought &#34;Leather Honey&#34; for the purpose of renewing an old pair of leather boots; after following the instructions and seeing absolutely no difference, I decided to try it on a variety of other leathers with little or no results.  Classic snake oil product"
"In an attempt to keep my new leather dash from ever getting warped again, I looked into this product, given overwhelming number of positive reviews.As the name implies, Leather Honey is a thick, translucent fluid that flows with a consistency not unlike corn syrup.The instructions on the back reads:Leather Honey revitalizes stiff, weathered leatherand softens, protects, and extends the life of newleather. May darken some leather, but originalcolor usually returns over time. Use on all typesof leather except suede.DIRECTIONSNew Leather: Using a paint brush, sponge, orlint-free cloth, cover entire surface area withLeather Honey at room temperature: the warmerthe product, the easier to apply. Allow a minimumof two hours for absorption (preferably overnight)and wipe off excess.Used Leather: Clean surface with mild soap andwarm water. Allow to dry. Follow instructions fornew leather. If necessary, apply additional coats.Use only as directed.Not for retail unless authorized.A little goes a long way.So.. with that I left my car to warm up nicely in the sun before applying the product.  My car's interior colors were a mixture of black and light creme leather.  I tested the product on a non-conspicuous leather spot behind my seat, and all was safe.  It didn't change the color.My first impression was the smell. It doesn't smell horrible, but it has a smokey smell to it. Very hard to describe.  When applied the smell is very light and not too apparent, but out of the bottle it has a strong burnt+sour chemical smell to it. I get the impression they were trying to simulate the smell of  natural treated leather.  It will be entirely up to you to decide how compatible this leather is with your product.  In case of my car's interior, I didn't mind it, as I believed the smell would mix right in with that 'new car' smell.  I just wouldn't call it pleasant.Next up-application.  As I applied the Leather Honey onto a clean microfiber cloth, to my surprise it was clear as water, but thick like syrup.  Even though my car was nicely warmed up from the sun, the product laid down thickly.  There was an immediate tackiness as the towel moved across the surface of the leather.  I can see why people say this product isn't oily, because oil is slippery when applied.Still, I will be completely straight with you. Contrary to what other reviewers have stated, the the product IS oily. Very oily, but not in that slippery way.  It leaves the leather glistening.  Even as I turned the towel to wipe off the excess, the leather was glistening. That may be fine for things like shoes, but for car leather, especially dashboards, it's not good.  As instructed, I left the product on the leather to absorb overnight, and on the following day I went over everything again with a dry towel.  Still my leather was left feeling oily, and still glistening.  When I took the car out for a drive, the spot where my elbow normally touches the window sill was very hot to the touch.  As you may or may not know, oily things heat up very quickly (Ever microwave something oily, like a croissant? Yes, it takes only a few seconds).  Anyway, removing my elbow, it left a dull spot!  I took my dry towel and tried to wipe away the dull spot but it didn't go away.  My elbow had pulled the oil right out of the surface of leather.  So yes, this product is very oily, and a terrible choice for car leather.  I also noticed that the smudges left behind on window glass when my towel rubbed up against it (unavoidable), were not easily wiped away.  In fact the only way to get rid of it was to use glass cleaner.Because it is oil based, this product is certainly capable of restoring dry, weathered leather. The downside is that it left my car's leather oily.  I'm sure my leather loved it but but I didn't.  And it leaves a slight tackiness to the leather that I found very unappealing to sit in.Summary:I can see how this product will rock for maintaining shoes and purses, which explains the numerous positive reviews.  But it is not at all a good product on leather which your skin touches on a regular basis. Your skin gives and absorbs oil too, and when it touches something treated with leather honey, it will take away some of that oil.  Leather Honey is very thick and oily.  I laugh now thinking about the recommendation of using a brush in the instructions.  That would have been a nightmare to reduce down to an even layer.  On one hand if you don't put enough on, it won't do any good for the leather. But if you do, it's very, very oily and takes many go-overs to get things to an acceptable state.  And even after that you're left with a tacky, unclean feeling leather.I would not at all recommend this leather product for cars or jackets.  Sorry, as much as I loved the name and the idea behind Leather Honey, I must warn all car lovers to steer away from this product.  I would recommend using Zymol's Leather Creme Conditioner.  It smells better, goes on easy and wipes off without the issues I had with Leather honey.  I ended up using it to restore my interior the way it was before I applied Leather Honey.  I really hoped Leather Honey was a better product than what I was using, but it wasn't--at least not for what I bought it for.Oh yes, I did mention jacket didn't I?  Yes, I applied leather honey to my jacket at the same time.  It was a mistake. It, too, was left feeling slightly tacky.  It was an $800 Levi's Made and Craft leather motorcycle-style jacket (like a baby's butt, sheepskin soft).  Anyway I'm sure with time the tackiness will go away and I'm left with a healthier leather jacket. I won't be doing that that again.Anyway, this has been my honest review of Leather Honey.  I hope it was helpful.  Thanks for reading!If you have any additional tips or suggestions for me, on the product or my review, I'd love to hear it! Leave me a comment. Thanks again!"
"Leaves a sticky finish on my sofa, and does not protect against mild dew. I used Meguiar car leather cleaner and conditional, this really cleans my sofa well and doesn't leave a oily surface. Meguiar reduce the mild dew problem significantly."
"I'm not sure if it is a factory defect or it is supposed to be like that. When I shook the filter with my hand, I could hear a wobbling noise from the inside. The inside of the filter, I could move it back and ford with my finger. I have used Wix, Mobil 1, Porulator, KN and none of them I could move a thing inside the filter.Can anyone confirm it is normal before I put it on my car (this is my first RP filter)? I will just toss it away and forget about it if it is a defect (never again RP filter $12)ThanksUpdate: I talked to RP customer support and this is his reply. If you have a similar problem, do NOT put this filter on your car :) have a good dayGood Morning,This doesn't sound right.  Please reply with the filter part number and your location.  We would like to get this filter back for inspection and would happily replace it for you.Thanks for choosing Royal Purple and have a great day!Best Regards,Christopher BarkerTechnical Services"
"I bought the full set of these, and in triple quanities  due to TV  muscle car recommendations, No wonder local auto parts stores  dont carry this products, It stained my dash and speedometer  plastic, leaves  residue in windsheild over spray,."
"I ordered  6 of these  and  it didnt last, used them onmy new dodge ram 1500  and  it was  disappointing  on new Goodyear tires,  i went with Duplicolor Tire spray and  it last  soooo much ,longer"
"I ordered this for a 2008 Honda Civic.This valve will not screw into the oil pan, because the spot where the plug is located is recessed, and the valve can't turn in that space."
"I cannot tell the difference between using this cleaner and using just soap and water.  The scrubber brush is nice."
"I bought this product to use withGriot's Garage 11044 Long Lasting Tire Dressing - 16 oz..  While the tire dressing is a fine product, this detail sponge sucks.  Every time I use this my hands end up covered in the tire dressing.  I haven't found a way to hold this that your hand doesn't get fully greased with  product.Ordinarily I'd give such a product 1-star but they say it works for interior dressing as well- maybe it's better at that.  For tire applications spend your money on theEagle One 5010602 Tire Swipes (2 per poly Bag)instead.  They work great and can be cut in half to handle low profile tires."
"I actually have the wash pads and they are not really effective because they hold so much water that they become heavy and cumbersome to use --especially on the side and lower parts of your vehicle.Also, they take forever to dry. One time I accidentally put them away in a container when I thought they were dry but the inside was still moist. The next day, they smelled like mold.You could toss these in the dryer but it would take forever to dry. When you leave them out to dry, they take a few days to completely dry before you can put them back in storage.As far as washing ability, I wasn't impressed. They don't lather up properly and I feel like every time I go over the paint, I am moving water around and not enough soap.My favorite car washing sponge is the Zymol sponge. You can get it for like 8 bucks on eBay. It is made from a higher quality sponge material, it is the perfect size, and it just makes car washing so much easier.  Microfiber is good for a lot of things but I think a good quality sponge is best for washing.  I actually like the sponge better than a sheepskin mitt (Griot's used to sell a superior sheepskin mitt which I have and still use.)I will admit that these micro fiber mitt's/pads look really cool and they feel great when they are dry but once you drop them in the water, they become so heavy that you can't efficiently use them. You might feel otherwise but I have a feeling if you use these, you will encounter the same problems I had.  IMO a good quality washing sponge/cloth should be lightweight when loaded with water and soap so that when you are washing your vehicle, you are able to produce lather.  This wash mitt/pad becomes so heavy when loaded with water that it is not able to effectively do that.I don't recommend this product to wash your car."
"I bought these mitts for the high reviews but I was insanely disappointed. In the first minute I knew I hated them. When I soaked them in the soap and water I pulled out what felt like a set of 10 lb dumbells. My arms were exhausted and just to give them another chance I tried them on another wash... I threw them in the trash.. I wouldn't even be okay giving them to a friend because I wouldn't wanna put them through it."
"Since Griots makes you buy this separately I thought it would be a good product. Not so. This sprayer didn`t make it through half the bottle when the seals broke. The speed shine is a great product,but the sprayer is crap. Save your money and just pour the speed shine in an empty Windex bottle like I had to do."
"There's no fine mist setting on these sprayers.  It goes from closed, to a sloppy spray.  I apply the majority of my detailing liquids to pads or towels, and a fine spray would really cut down on wasted product.  It's a conspiracy! :)Yeah.... just go to your local hardware store, buy cheap spray bottles and transfer your liquids to those.  These sprayers are low quality and sadly I have like 10 of them.  Right in the garbage they will go.Not recommended :("
"I've bought five of these over the last 2 years for various bottles of Griot's products I use and so far four of them have blown their internal seals and now leak fluid all over my hand as I spray. This is after maybe a dozen uses, sometimes less. If these sprayers were included with the products it wouldn't be so bad, but since Griot's sells them separately, this is inexcusable. That they call them the ""finest"" sprayer just makes it worse. I've found the sprayers I can get at my local home improvement store for half the price (including a bottle) are superior to this one. I'll continue to use Griot's other products, but for sprayers I'll look elsewhere."
"If this is their ""finest"", I am pleased that I have not experienced their worst.  Although Griot's has some good products,,,,and some not so good,,,this one is miserable.  When using this with Speed Shine, it just lays big goobers of liquid on the car which then runs off everywhere.  I have tried several of those that I have,,,I once bought 3 of them,,,and they all failed.  I have a friend who details cars and he said that their old sprayers were fine but that he too hates this one,,,and he is a real Griot's bigot.Check out Chemical Guys for a really good one,,,,however some of their product too leave much to be desired, but their sprayer is good in the very fine controllable mist that it lays down."
"After using this clay I just assumed clay was a pain to use. But after trying a different brand I know better. This clay falls apart while trying to use it! It also is a very mild clay which isn't a bad thing, but if you want better results, I recommend another brand."
"I found this to be too soft - everythin on your hands and nails.  as such, it doesn't pick up everything either.  I had to go over the same surface 2 to 3 times to get glossy smooth finish.  Also the yellow color on the clays seems like added paint color.  it started coming off of the clay when going over the surface.  Not good."
"My experience is probably the exception since this unit has been bought by several hundred people and has a 4 star plus rating. Opened the package and lifted out. Thought I had a baby rattle. This is an electrical device. It shouldn't have loose pieces inside. Think electrical short and blowing up expensive electronics. I didn't even try to plug it in. I'm not blaming the seller. This is a manufacturer quality control issue. Unit packaging arrived intact."
"Not as flexible as I thought it would be . Can be sanded bu if joining two edges  together  { simple crack as opposed to total separated parts} it was a failure . Plastic bond opened up along crack lie.Wanted to make a plastic tab joining to larger part.After having a 1 inch crack  re appear on flat surface doubt this will do .Additional info:Tried to use to attach different plastics togetrher , not effective.This stuff is useless for any,  repeat any , bonding of plastics . Ends up like like glazing putty no permanent adhesion and breaks  off easily.I ould rate this stuff a zero star if possibe.UGH!"
"Went on easy enough and dried to a hard material but did not work well on the type composite I was working with which was an old pellet gun stock. It does state may not bond some types of materials and I guess this was one of them."
"I bought this as a substitute for a lambswool mitt, but this wash mitt is too large, and it's very heavy and clumsy when wet. There's an inner lining that prevents spinning the mitt on your hand to expose the unused side, because this inner lining clings to your hand.Also, the microfiber &#34;fingers&#34; can easilty catch on car trim.I won't be using this again to wash my car."
"I bought this stuff and it didn't clean anything off my chrome rims.  Worthless crap.  wouldn't mind getting my money back for this red bottle of goop."
"Not good for cleaning tubs. I believe the description said it would work on tubs/bathrooms. This took a lot of elbow grease to do anything. I ended up using theDico 541-786-21/2 Nyalox Cup Brush 21/2-Inch Blue 240 Grit which worked great."
"This pump is not nearly as good as I was lead to believe.It leaks the car wash liquid and microfiber detergent so even after you are done, it continues to drip, making a big mess. Maybe it works better with something thicker, like a wax.I regret my purchase and would have been better off just pouring the liquids out of the container instead."
"Well At least Ive never heard that before but I will say it about this product. The jack was unabable to lift my car high enough for the 2 ton jacks reccomended along with this product. So unless you have a dam even driveway get a jack that can lift a little bit higher."
"All is good except the outlet hole is too small.It would be perfect if they made the hole bigger."
"If there are any areas that you miss and do not rinse before it dries, this soap leaves major water spots. And no, it's not my water since my water measures just 40-70 PPM on the TDS scale for mineral deposits.These water spots can happen if you are soaping the car in the sun and it is allowed to dry on the car, or if you simply do not wipe down the inside of your door jams well, etc.I've definitely had better luck with other car wash soaps."
"I'm a big fan of Chemical Guys' products, but I'd have to say these applicators are just a waste of money and waste of time to use. The most noticeable problem with this poarticular product are the blue plastic sleeves which hold the foam applicators (as seen in the product's picture).Almost immediately upon contact with the tire/rubber surface, the foam comes out of the plastic sleeve, and does so repeatedly. I tried applications with several different pieces and it happened over and over with each of them.Color me un-impressed with this product. Don't waste your money.They look ""nifty"" and ""fancy"", but they are hardly that. If you want quality Chemical Guys applicators, get the green and black contoured applicators which are also in this section. They are superb.These? I'll just mark them down as an abherration."
"I am totally UNimpressed.I ride a motorcycle, and as most people who ride, use waterless car/cycle wash products all the time.  I have tried many, many different varieties, and most are along the lines of this product, Griot's Garage 11285 Spray-On Car Wash Kit.  They leave much to be desired, leave bugs and road grime, and leaves a less-than shiny end result.That said, the towels are GREAT.The price is 29.99 for one bottle and three towels.  This is FAR overpriced.My recommendation--get the EZ Detailer!  It's awesome!  It applies evenly, cleans bugs and road grime, and leaves a SHINY bike.  You can see it here, but you can get it directly from their website by the case (that's what I do).EZ WAX 579221 DETAILER Waterless Cleaning Wax 4 PACKI think that if you buy them from the home  site, they sometimes send free towels with the order (cyclical special offer).I hope this saves you 30 bucks.  LOL"
"This kit comes with several microfiber cloths, a large jug of interior cleaner, and a pretty sizable bottle of leather care spray which was impressive, but overall, I'm going to ere on the side of caution with this particular leather kit.  It says it won't harm factory dyed leather, but after market leather is up for grabs.  It doesn't state what the ingredients are anywhere on the bottles or packaging, but it clearly has a very strong alcohol and chemical smell to the likes of hospital cleaner.  The smell dissipates after about 10 minutes, but I wouldn't say you have a brand new leather smell afterwards.  I have no doubts it will clean leather to within an inch of its lfe, but conditioning leather to a supple softness with moisturiing, not so much.I have not had the horror stories some may have had with it stripping the leather but I believe it's possible based on the smell.  If you choose to try it, definitely make sure you spot test an inconspicuous area first and make sure your area is well ventilated.  I think this would work wonders if you're dealing with a musty or mildewy smell, either way, I would recommend conditioning lotions and not the leather care spray after cleaning.  I've tried several leather cleaners and conditioners from coat and shoes accessories, to Blue Magic, to other name brands, with decent results and nothing that potent in smell.  I have to believe something that smells that industrial/alcohol laden can't be good for your leather long term."
"for this price and quality and the buzz, i expected more.  The wiper is really like any other out there, so nothing special about that (especially if you treat the windows with the Rain-x yourself).BUT given its large length, it looses friction toward the tips. you can see that it leaves some water behind.Updated: the wiper is loosing traction and even after cleaning the blade it still doesn't ""wipe"" as well as it did the first days.  This is bad since i've only used it a couple of times in the past 3 months of purchase."
"Once winter hit and the road salt got on the blades they began causing a LOT of smearing. I would highly recommend Rain-X Latitude but not this."
"These wipers are noisy and leave streaks. I could tell they weren't well made right when I took them out of the package. You get what you pay for."
"I thought this company was consistant with their product value. Not only did I get plastic hooks ( that I can bend with my fingertips).. instead of last year's metal hooks, I found out they lowered their price 3 bucks 2 weeks after I bought this just recently.Thanks for the lesson!"
"I purchased this and 1 other cargo net at the same time because I was a little worried of the potential that one of them might be cheap and untrustworthy. I was about to ride 1600 miles on my motorcycle and didn't want to worry about my net breaking. Thank god, because this one is terrible. You'll notice that there are 2 different nets pictured on this product's page; one with thick plastic-looking hooks, and another picture with very thin metal-looking hooks. The net that arrived was the very thin one. The package read ""Bicycle Cargo Net."" Not what I would consider heavy duty enough to use on my motorcycle... For $2 more you can find cargo nets on Amazon that actually ARE heavy duty.I find myself wondering if the positive reviewers actually received the net with the thicker hooks?My recommendation... spend the extra couple dollars and get the better net. Here's one:B003M694T2"
"THIS IS NOT YELLOW .IT IS CLEAR &#60; NO USE FOR EXCHANGING BRAKE FLUID IN SYSTEM.I wanted yellow or blue to see exchanged fluid .Not possible with this item.Beware you wil be unable to return this can through  Amazon."
"I had cloudy, not yellow, headlights on an RX330.  Bought the kit hoping to get good results.  Cloudiness of the lenses was partially removed to about 50% better than it was.  I followed steps closely.  At the end the plastic lens had more noticeable fine scratches than before (basically this is a fine sandpaper system). It seems the final coat is just an oil based gel that makes the plastic look wet and shiny but I doubt it will last more than a week.  Not fully happy with the result, on a whim I got out my Novus kit (1,2,3) that I bought on Amazon for plastic on my boat and around the home. I gave the lens a good Novus 3 rubbing, then 2, then the final polish coat Novus 1.  Honestly I think my results were much better than with the rain X kit.  Less scratching and seemed more effective.  I think the Novus 1,2,3 kit cost around $12 but I cannot remember as it was a few years ago."
"either buy new light covers or deal with having dim lights. This should have a traveling carnival with it. Not worth it, wouldn't use product even if it was free!"
"The C.A.R.B spout is difficult to use and nearly worthless.  It only is leakproof, in the extended outside position.  The spout is not leakproof when stored inside the can and when removed, gas drips everywhere.  The V.O.C.'s or volitile organic compounds ""permeate"" through the plastic over time.I tried the camper fuel Primus and MSR bottles.  But, they are awfully expensive.Now, I use the empty cans from the Fuel South TruFuel premixed 50:1 product that I use for my 2 cycle string trimmer and lawn blower.TruFuel 50Fuel Pre-Mixed 50:1 - 2 Cycle Fuel - 6 Quart CansThe cans are under $6 each after sales tax at either Lowes or Home Depot.They are DOT approved for transporting gasoline.  They are tin lined steel, so there is no VOC permeation through their walls.They come with a ""locking"" ""child resistant"" safety cap.  Remove the cap, and it pours easily into the motorcycle gas tank.  No funnel or C.A.R.B. spout is needed.You do need a funnel to fill them, however.They are one quart each.  Carry as many as you need.Best thing is that they are FREE and saves me having to recycle them or to put them in the trash to be placed in a landfill."
"Terrible quality. These towels leave behind tons of lint and immediately began to become threadbare. After only a few months and limited use most of these towels are destroyed."
"I bought this on the recommendation of reviews I had read on Forest River Owners Group(FROG)website, about protecting your campers plumbing when hooked to shore water supply. After attaching it for the first time, it reduced the pressure to such a low level that there was hardly any water coming through the faucet. I had to remove it to get a decent water flow. Perhaps the shore water pressure is already set at the correct pressure, my camper already has a water pressure reducer built in, but the valve proved useless for me. Wasted my money!"
"It leaked right out of the box - the little hole on the top - someone suggested it was the diaphragm that was protecting our water lines.  I find this hard to believe since we have been setup at the same site for several weeks prior to buying this regulator.  Amazon did their part and gave me a refund.  I am going to email Valterra just to see what they have to say.  For the price I had high expectations."
"It does a good job of regulating water pressure. I gave it a 2 star rating because the pressure gage quit after about 7 months after I got it. Called Valyerra and explained the problem. They said they would send me a new gage, that was 6 months ago. So I e-mailed them, still no response."
"I bought this based on all of the good reviews, and I was quite disappointed when I received the product. The finish seems decent and has good heft to it, but the receiver is entirely too small and it has lots of play in the hitch. Furthermore, where the receiver gets narrow to allow for the d-ring to install, mine was completely off center and uneven. And yes, this is made in China."
"So, this hitch/shackle is VERY well constructed, but has a HUGE flaw. The edges of mine aren't rounded over, and it won't fit in my receiver!!  I have a standard hitch receiver, I think made by Reese, which has a rounded-edge square opening, NOT perfectly square.  I guess they tried to save costs by just using square bar stock. What a PITA."
"Unlike other reviewers I would have to say I have been very disappointed with this product.  I have purchased two of them, and one seemed to be okay.  The second was more than 5-10 psi off accurate measure.  I checked it against the first unit and a completely different manufacturer's measure.  Even the rather crude gauge on my air tank measured more accurately than this gauge.  At this price the gauge should be very accurate and reliable.  Not the case for me."
"I USED 3 CANS OF THIS LOW GRADE JUNK CLEARCOAT AFTER APPLYING THE BASECOAT. IT WAS LIKE GLASS WHEN APPLYING AND FINISHED..2 HRS LATER IT WAS LIKE A SATIN FINISH LOOK..A DULL SHINE..CALLED DUPLICOLOR FOR A REFUND..STILL WAITING..THEY BLOW!!"
"i used this product on a fender of a 2004 i knew it would not be a perfect match but thought it would be closer. i probably would have been almost as close looking at the colors of caps on the spray paint in walmart! this product would be better for use in a less visible i touched up a small area under the door and that isn't bad."
"Installed to the parking lights and fender lights. Directions didn't match my vehicle. Seems like the directions were for an older model jeep wrangler. I managed to get the parking light covers on but not the fender signal covers. Need to update your information rugged ridge."
"I got these today..and tried to put on car... Well guess what... The holes at the attachment points are way too small... Big surprise. I would guess all these would be a standard size... So Beware folks,,, this makes them useless for me..."
"It is hard to apply films your self. Might be better to let the professional do it. I gave up after while"
"I was able to program the two remotes I got and went through the process several times. Some of the times the remotes didn't transmit. Once programmed, they take several tries right next to my truck to get them to work. They won't work from ten feet away like my factory remote does. Putting in a fresh battery didn't help.While they may work for others, they're useless for my 2009 F150. Buy at your own risk."
"The moment I took these out of the package and felt how abrasive they were I suspected that they would scratch alloy/clear coated wheels. So, instead of first trying them on my $3K, presently installed Lexani's I tried them on one of my winter-wheel Beyerns. The wheel is clean alright, but Lo and behold, that wheel now has hundreds of micro-fine scratches all over it. The material is just way too abrasive for alloy/clear coated wheels, it literally feels like the scrub brush we use to clean the shower.Anyway, they're great for cleaning calipers so I'll use them for that."
"My wheels have large openings between the spokes, so I guess I didn't think out my purchase properly when buying this.If you have smaller openings it may suit you, but for me it just doesn't cover enough &#34;real estate&#34; for the work I have to do when I use it."
"You get what you pay for, and the price on these should be 0! Crack from the sun and discolor almost immediately! Bought a new set by Adco, and the difference is night and day.  The Adco products are a bit more money, but worth every penny!"
"The company deleted my review so I am reposting it!!!!!!!!! Packaging was cheap and the whole led's feel cheep and flimsy. 2 out of the 8 didnt even work( yes i know only one side is positive and i did flip them around). Very cheap product!! I would honestly only expect to pay about $5 for it."
"The product came in DOA. flipped the bulb and still did not work after trying many times.  I believe it is a contact problem. the plastic fitting was too small in order to make a proper metal to metal contact. For T10 bulbs, I would recommend JTech, where I did not have any problems with their similar LED bulbs. Having said that, dome light bulbs worked fine."
"These work well but mine are very BLUE, not white.  They look kinda of white in the day light but very blue at night.UPDATE:  These started to flicker after about two months of use.  JUNK."
"Ok so since Ive purchased I had a couple get really hot on me and begin to smell of burning plastic and #2 which is also important is there not Very Bright. There Yes High Powered but with a cheaper SMD. What a shame, well lesson learned and superbrightleds is the way to go except there alittle pricey but the SMD are Very Bright and won't burn."
"Upon all the Led light bulbs i've been buying, this proves to be the most reliable. It has a very strong light penetration and lasts long. Though it breaks easily if not handled properly. Two of mine got broken while trying to insert them in their positions"
"I've had a lot of luck with LED auto bulbs off Amazon, these were the exception. I put these in my Ford Ranger and only 1 out of the 4 worked. Had to return for a refund."
"Very poorly made,I'm going to give them 2 days before i request a refund.  We'll wait and see if they last.  They were installed in my license plate and barely got them to work.  Had to play around with the socket for them to fit.  I'm100% sure if I hit a bump they'll come loose and turn off."
"I found these lights to be not quite as bright as regular 194s whereas there are plenty of 194 LED replacement lights that ARE just as bright.  Also, I bought 12 of these (3 packs of 4) and three of them did not work.  25% DoA rate is a little too high for my liking.  No, I did not contact the company to get my few dollars back..."
"If your RV weighs over 250 pounds, these will warp and give way under the weight.  I have a lighter fifth wheel and these don't do anything but buckle under the weight of the trailer and sink right into whatever ground they are on.  Even on cement pads, they stink.  I went back to using pre-cut hardwood planks and boards and am glad I did.  Don't waste your money on these pieces of junk.  Even the storage bag they come in is cheap, flimsy, and tore after one use."
"I was really hoping that these would put out some good light, but I found them to provide less light than the originals."
"I do not own these, and never will for good reason.Any bulb with a blue tint to it will have significantly lower light output. It's best just to use regular, clear ones rather than these with a blue tint to the glass."
"First of all, there is a slight difference in light output, whiter than normal. But to get that whiter look your gonna have to go to the 5000K diamond vision range which turn out to be illegal here in Australia (best to check on your local laws) the beam output length is the same as OEM, and this becomes shorter as you go whiter in light. These lights are pretty much for looks, although whiter light has more clarity, you sacrifice beam length for whiter light intensity. HID however are the opposite.It is true what people have said about the life of these bulbs. THEY HAVE NONE! Think of your normal OEM bulb, then reduce the life of that bulb by 75%, that is pretty much all you can expect out of these. Don't be surprised if they blow after going over bumps in the road. I've been experimenting with a few bulbs out there, Although Phillips do make very good long life bulbs in the 3300k light offering 120% longer beam, these whiter bulbs (4000k - 6000K) just don't last and will end up costing you a fortune in replacements.Osram Bulbs are much more durable from what I have found. still on my first set of OSRAM Nightbreaker Unlimited, Have lasted me 8 months and they do have a 20% whiter light rating.Lets get serious. If you really crave that white light for your car, research HID xenon kits. I know the white light is cool, but be sensible and kind to your back pocket unless you have cash to burn."
"I was extremely careful with installing these bulbs, but upon testing out the bulbs I found out that one of bulb might have been damaged. Upon removing the bulb, I had found out that bulb was coated with weird material. I have installed and removed a large number of bulbs so I do not think it's related to installation issue.Now, I am stuck with one usable bulb out of two."
"These are not HID like, they are not even ID without the HThey are not whiter, not brighter and not even better than stock.DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THESEThe other ratings you read here must have been paid for .Move on and don't buy these .I just save you 30+ bucks."
"....which is true if I was changing the fog lights. While ordering the high beams the configuration guide suggested these as low beam. Not very good symmetry when obvious I was replacing high beam headlights not my fog lights. Seem well made and great packaging and Amazon was great about taking back."
"Don't waste your money on these bulbs. I installed them in my Grand Prix and saw no improvement, just a dent in my wallet. Don't fall into the hype like I did."
"I was looking forward to brighter vision, especially on some 2-lane blacktop highways that I travel.  Really disappointed with these bulbs as they don't seem any better than the original lights in my '98 Ford F150.  In order to get better vision, I finally installed halogen driving/fog lights, and that solved the problem.  I do not recommend these bulbs, not worth the extra money."
"My last set of bulbs from Sylvania were brighter than these and lasted 5 months longer. The four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint."
"I'm trying them one more time then THAT'S IT . We bought these last July now 13 months later one burnt out?  They put out great light at night but having a life of only a year is pathetic, maybe I got a bad one? because only one burnt out and no it was not from touching the bulb ( when I install ANY auto light I do it with a fresh pair of clean gloves on my hands to prevent skin oil transfer )I will try them one more time and then move on to a different bulb if they burn out in such a short time again."
"These are a great deal to replace stock bulbs, but if you are expecting whiter light don't bother with these. I installed the Philip bulb in one side to compare with the stock, no difference what so ever. Trust me these are not any whiter color than stock."
"Eh. I have a 2005 Acura RSX and these lights look identical to the stock headlights in the car. Wouldn't recommend these as they don't seem brighter or anything of the sort. Waste of money in my opinion."
"I know these are tricolor, so depending on what angle you are at in front of them, they yellow is too dominant.  I have very white LED fog lights and they make these headlights look like yellow fogs.  They are bright enough to light up the road, but next time I'll get a whiter bulb."
"I purchased this for my 2003 Silverado 1500.  As recommended, I also purchased the updated thermostat housing, as GM updated it for 04-05 models.  Everything went perfect with the installation, until I put the thermostat on.  I had the torque wrench set to 15 lbs (as required) and the first bolt's head broke off before even getting to the TQ. spec.  I then had to remove the part, go to a local part store and pickup a non-GM part.  Sad.  When I installed the waterpump this time, I reused the factory bolts.  Everything is fine now.Sad that I went threw the effort to by the GM Canadian part (as opposed to Chinese), only to find that they included some cheap bolts made of tin."
"This hitch is a complete P.O.S.  The pin box (the 2&#34; receiver box) was welded in crooked.  It was so bad, I could tell immediately with the naked eye upon test fit.  I verified how crooked the receiver was with a level.  It was off at least a 1/4&#34;.  Absolutely no excuse for this poor workmanship...even for a Chinese-made product.  Mounting a trailer to this hitch would have been unsafe.I learned my lesson.  No more will I opt for the cheapest priced item.  Rugged Ridge should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this unit to be sold with their name on it."
"i orderd at least 4 none worked until the final try,it works but has no intall help like others have they all had bad disc."
"so i bought this for my 2011 JK it does not fit like it should in my opinion yes i had to remove the bar under the seat no big deal but i had to loosin up my front to seat bolts just to slide this thing in... an im 5'8 so i ride with my seat like half way back aan this sticks out like 3.5 inches out from under my seat an i couldnt push it back anymore due to the frame part of the seat i mean i still installed it an it hold my Glock 23 perfect an theres plent of room for more stuff i almost wish it wasnt so deep my pistol slides to the back an i have to reach my hand in there to get it the drawer only opens up 1/2 way  so the other 8 inches is a mystery things could easliy turn intop a pain to get out"
"I purchased a set of these for my 2013 Subie Outback...(26"" Driver & 19"" Passenger even though Amazon fitment said it wouldn't fit) and they fit perfectly. I've read all the reviews about the wipers not making contact with the center of the windshield but as far as my Outback goes they make full contact all the way across and are very quiet. I just got home (literally an hour ago) after driving in severe weather consisting of a mixture of ice, sleet and snow and I'm very happy with the performance. I'm not sure how long they will last but I hope to get at least a winter season out of them. In my opinion these blades might be better suited for windshields that are designed with very little curvature. I also have a 2001 Chevy Malibu and on many occasions over the years I've had to be very selective when purchasing blades because  of the inward curve of the windshield. So why only 4 stars?, don't know how long they will last. If I get a full season out of then I'll update my score.UPDATE 6/28/2013: I had to remove these wipers from my Subaru outback after a few months because they started making lots of noise while in the rain. I tried cleaning the blades multiple times and nothing worked. They continued to clean effectively but the contact noise was not tolerable. They are also slightly shorter than OEM and it was causing my Onboard Collision Avoidance System (Eyesight) to disable during rain because it would not clear lens area effectively. I re-installed the OEM wipers and all is well. From now on I'll stick to Subaru OEM wipers."
"Put this on my 2005 Toyota Prius and it worthless. Doesn't touch the windscreen in the center 2-3 inches. This leave a big wet streak right in your field of view. Standing still or a t highway speeds no difference."
"This wiper did not fit a 2006 Cadillac STS even thought it says it does. The adapter did not work!"
"these had no effect and did nothing on the led lights I bought and on the one's I already had very poor product I wired them up just as the instruction's said so I had to send these and the bulbs back because they flashed to fast."
"I'm a car guy who used to own a custom detail shop and who has his cars detailed regularly.  So, I'm going to be a harsh critic of this type of product.This is not a kit that you would keep in your glovebox for quick clean-ups.  In fact, it doesn't even include any cloths.  This is really just a trial pack with 2oz of five of their products, probably intended to get you to buy larger quantities.The products are:""All Purpose"" spray""Window Clear"" spray""Dashboard Protect"" spray""Carpet + Upholstery"" spray""Leather Care"" creamThey all worked OK (not great), but they are also all scented. Some are lemon-orange scented.  Others are lavender scented.  All smell pretty bad, in my opinion.  If I walked out of my detail shop after paying a few hundred bucks, and my car smelled like this, I would not be happy.My only real concern was the leather care - it seems to be very oily and not really like leatherique, saddle soap or other products I use.This stuff might be OK for 90% of people driving around in ordinary cars, but if you are someone who really pays attention to car detailing - you actually own an orbital polisher - this is probably not for you."
"My review basically says it all. I did not have a chip, I had a spider webbing crack, about 1 inch by 1 inch. This did nothing for it."
"This product is ok but to be honest it can only fix a crack maybe 1/3 of a size of a penny. I used it and it was quite useless for the crack on my windshield. I even bought two and basically you can only use it once and that is it. Then it is useless. I cannot recommend it based on my experience but if you have a tiny tiny tiny tiny crack that does not even require fixing this maybe your solution."
"This stuff didnt work at all. The intructions were a bit hard to understand, but once figured out, the product was a piece of garbage anyway. Didnt really make a difference, if anything made the problem worse."
"Not near as bright as others I've seen, the original incandescent light assembly was a lot brighter.The gaskets does not fit snuggly in the hole opening allowing the light to just sit loose in it, it would eventually fall out. I was able to use my original gasket but again the brightness is the main issue, should be twice as bright."
"Using this kit was a lot easier than I expected, and the results were pretty amazing. It was definitely a bit of a mess, but well worth it. I honestly think it took about as long to mask off the headlights with blue painters tape, as it took to do the headlight sanding and buffing. The sandpaper ""handle"" could've been better, as mine broke apart once I was done with the first sanding stage. Make sure to apply the UV protectant about once a month, or your headlight plastic will most-likely start to suffer again.EDIT 1/5/14: Since my original review, the headlights are now back to their old yellowy gross appearance. This was after methodical applications of the UV Protectant. I'd say overall, the LIKE-NEW! appearance lasted for just over two months. What a letdown."
"As title says, I did not see any difference even after applying for long time. It would probably work better on older paints. Meguiar should have specified in the description, that this product is not recommended for good condition surfaces.I Do not recommend this one."
"This should have posted the gauge for the wire which would help decide if it will work for you.  I would recommend doing more research before purchasing."
"These are just too thin to hold much removed wax and if you're going to do the job properly, you'll find yourself changing pads a dozen times while doing the whole car.  Easier to just use some good micro-fiber towels and hand buff."
"If you want bonnets with the texture of a used kitchen towel and like to add swirl/scratch to your car than this is the product for you. It is by far the worst quality I have seen, this isn't even microfiber or clear coat safe. I can find softer material to use on my car at a 99 cents store. The blue pads are seriously the same material the dentist uses as a bib for patients, it feels like a cheap plastic sheet of foam and the white buffing pads feel like a dried up used rag you would use for cleaning kitchen counters. Don't waste your money on this cheap representation, shame on you Turtlewax for allowing such garbage product to be under your name brand."
"I only got to check it out a a couple seconds, when I touched it to the contacts in my truck's dome light, it was a bright clean light, definitely what I was looking for.  But when I was installing it, one of the contacts snapped off the circuit board.  The end contacts are only attached via solder connections, and it didn't take much for that to break.  Looks like I'll just get a regular incandescent bulb from an auto parts place.  Disappointed."
"I bought this mainly for charging my apple laptop and it didn't work.  I never tried it for anything else so I can't comment on whether it works for other applications.  I was disappointed because I thought for sure that this one would work after trying others with lower wattages.  I ended up sending it back."
"The first thing i notice was that there wasn't a seal around the lens to the housing and that let water into the housing after the first rain storm.The second problem was that the left one developed a crack in the lens and there is no visible signs of impact.The third thing was that the lights shake when going over bumps and that is do to lite and weak plastic.The fourth thing is the bulbs are not halogen and produce a yellow light instead of white.I ended up buying another lamp from another company and that's why i can compare the quality of both lamps.I of course have installed these lights to find all of the imperfections and can not return them so i am out of $50 bucks.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( BUYER BEWARE )!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Asphaultic smell to it.  Stunk up the car a lot.  Also rather thin so not optimal for coverage.  Spend the extra money on Stinger's roadkill product - has zero smell , is much thicker, and doesn't cost that much more.  Anyone who's done these installs knows the pain is getting your innards out to access the sheet metal.  Why go through that and install something substandard.  Only points would be to have this applied to somewhere ventilated, like outside of the interior of a car or industrial use.Edit:  This started falling off some panels during winter, with temps routinely in the 30s.  I have to lower the rating another notch.  Junky!"
"Got this to keep my lawn mower maintained.  I keep it outside most the year, and was surprised to read that this product is NOT intended for outdoor use.  Called the company and they explained this product is designed to be used inside a vehicle.  Kind of defeats the purpose of this product."
"I am rating the product one star to draw attention to my review.  The blade itself is good.  The materials, construction, and water removal are all good.  I tried the C-19-UB on the passenger side of my GS350 and it worked as well as the 24"" factory one on the driver side.  The Anco blade is molded with a spoiler, which makes it similar in appearance to the factory wiper of the GS350 which is the holder and the refill assembly.  If I were to rate the product, I'd rate it 3 stars for the high cost not justified by any additional benefit over the factory blade refill.There two points I wanted to make are:1. Attention must be paid to letters -OE or -UB at the end of the blade model.  I suggest using the Amazon fit guide at the top of the product page or visiting Anco website to find specific models that will fit your vehicle.  I ordered C-20-OE and C-26-OE from Amazon Vine (which did not have the benefit of the Amazon fit guide) for the 2009 Toyota Highlander, and they do not fit.  I ordered -OE blades thinking -OE stood for Original Equipment.  My family owns and previously owned Toyota/Lexus cars and I am only familiar with the ""cane handle"" type of a windshield wiper arm.  Anco -OE blades will not fit this type of connector.  Additionally, the Product Description says that the blade has an ""OE-style spoiler"", so it is even more confusing what OE in the model number refers to.  Anyway, Toyota and Lexus have a ""cane handle"" type wiper arm and only blade models ending in -UB will fit this connector.2. I think these replacement blades are just too expensive.  I usually buy wiper blade refills at the dealer for about ten dollars for two.  These blades cost two to three times that (depending on the availability of a rebate).  I tried a C-19-UB alongside with the factory 24"" blade on my GS350 and I did not find Anco blade to clean the windshield any better than the factory blade does.  On one of my previous cars, I tried Valeo 900 Ultimate blades (similar to Anco Contour).  I had the same opinion that, although these replacement blades work well, they do not work better than factory refills, and their high cost makes them unappealing to me.  I do not find that at 2-3 times the cost of factory refills, these blades work 2-3 times better."
"May 5, 2013 Update: Well these wiper blades are a massive disappointment. Within two months they began chattering and skipping in the center of the blade on my windshield. This is unacceptable in a wiper blade. Sometimes chatter can happen because something gets on the windshield, oil or the like. Not the case this time - the center part of the blade has deformed. The wiper blade portion has developed a fold over, it lays over on an angle from pressing against the windshield. I've never seen a wiper blade go bad this fast or skipped in the center of the blade (chattering normally happens at the ends of the blade).This 28 inch blade was installed on a 2012 Ford Focus driver side, replacing a nearly 1 year old OEM blade. The passenger side blade was not replaced (a good test for side by side comparison - both blades are 28 inches on this car). The OEM blade is a frameless blade just like this Anco. When I returned the original blade to the car, there was no chatter or skipping. This Anco blade may work on other cars or in shorter lengths, but it flat is a bad blade in this length on this car.The original review posted in April, 2013:Anco Contour wiper blades are excellent bracket less wipers. The blade installed easily, and clears my windshield quietly and streak free.I like these blades a lot better than the comparable Bosch blades. For certain cars a frame style blade is a better choice, in that case I like Michelin Stealth and Valeo better.This 28 inch blade installed fairly easily on my 2012 Ford Focus. The package included four different clips for different applications. Choosing the correct clip was a minor pain. Anco's clips don't look much like the Ford clip I was replacing. These Contour wiper blades are a universal style blade - they have no attaching clip connected permanently to them. Instead there is a hole with a raised ring on both sides of the blade. The correct clip for your car is snapped over those two rings. Personally, I would rather have something attached to the blade. I understand it makes it easier to manufacture a universal connector.The tiny instruction sheet was not terribly useful. It was a series of photographs and drawings trying to illustrate the different kinds of clips. It took me a few minutes to decipher those pictures. When it comes time to change this blade, I will be confused. The original Ford clip has two very clearly marked buttons to release the blade. The Anco has a goofy looking arrow that has to be wrestled over a tab. Why couldn't Anco simply replicate the two squeeze buttons?This blade has a really large spoiler over the spine. The spoiler is designed to catch the wind while driving down the highway to keep the blade pressed against the windshield. The flap or spoiler is kind of ugly and a lot taller than the Ford OEM blade. That flap does contact the wiper arm without affecting performance of the wiper.Not great mounting instructions and universal clips aside, this blade performs really well. A 28 inch blade is huge and is prone to chatter and streaks. The Anco blade does an excellent job of clearing my windshield.For some cars, this bracket less or frameless wiper blade is not the best arrangement. These tend to be older cars with more vertical windshields. The frameless blades don't work at all on rear window wipers. For my 2002 Buick Rendezvous, I have found through way too much trial and error that classic wipers with a frame are the best way to go. Michelin makes an outstanding Stealth blade that has the frame enclosed with a plastic frame. For a rear window wiper, there is no better than Valeo blades. The extra force and slim aerodynamic profile makes these blades stick to the rear window (wind coming over the roof top will try to lift the blade from the window if there is a spoiler on the blade).Overall, Anco has an excellent windshield wiper blade at a good price."
"I tried to install this on my '08 suburban and it doesn't have the right type of adapter included. The '08 and '09 suburbans have different wiper attachments and although the parts finder says this works, it does not.  I even had several other people look at it including a mechanic and we all came to the conclusion that either the adapter is missing or this is the wrong type for my vehicle. Living in rainy Florida I replace my blades frequently and Anco is the first product that has been not compatible.'"
"A few of the reviews were spot on about the major flaws.  The biggest being you have to touch a button for it to do anything.  That is simply terrible.  I bought this thinking the Bosch name would mean something, but it does not mean good in this case.  Not sure why they even developed this product.  I used this for one of my classic cars and as others have said, if the power is interrupted, you are back to square one and HAVE TO PUSH A BUTTON! terrible design and thinking on their part.  I highly recommend the CTEK version instead, I've been using it for years and it's brought back batteries that my regular 2amp/15amp couldnt!  That's impressive.EDIT: The CTEK 3300 is a far superior device for the same money.  I've been trying to use the Bosch to get my camaro battery charged without success for the last two weeks.  I hooked up the CTEK yesterday and 4 hours later, the car started and was driveable.  The other advantage of the CTEK is the memory for knowing last state, so if there is power loss, it comes back to same place it was.  Also, once it's done charging, it goes into maintenance mode automatically.  Exactly how a product like this should work!CTEK Multi US 3300 12-Volt Smart Battery Charger"
"Having some experience with spray detailers, I had an idea what to expect. Basically some gloss, a slick surface, and short-term protection. There is some controversy regarding whether water beading is a sign of good protection, but I won't get into that. What water beading (or sheeting) does accomplish is it at least shows the presence of product.There's another way to show presence of a car wax/sealant that a car detailer showed me years ago, and that's the steam test. It doesn't measure protection, per se; it just shows the presence of a product so you can see how uniformly it covers an area, how easily it comes off, etc. Basically you coat some product onto a bathroom mirror and allow steam to build up in the room. Areas of the mirror coated in wax/sealant will have a uniform layer of steam that is different from untreated areas. It won't repel steam, the barrier causes tiny water droplets to build up uniformly, (appearing as if there is 'more' steam there). You can try it yourself and see what I mean.I bring this up because after noticing that the V7 just didn't seem to do as much as other similar sprays (the gloss was fair but not very good, and I didn't notice the extra water beading that other spray detailers provided at least short term), I wanted to see what it was leaving behind. I did the test, using the V7, along side a couple other spray detailers.The results surprised me. The areas treated with V7 left very little behind, with some streaks of presence. I also applied some Meguiars UQW and Turtle Wax Ice, both of which showed solid coverage (and the TW had remarkable durability to removal, incidentally).  When I applied two more coats of V7 over its area, it began to show more signs of coverage, confirming my results: This appears to be an extremely watered-down detailer, high in alcohol so that it ""flashes"" (evaporates) quickly. It came completely off with a bit of soapy water, whereas the other products actually were rather stubborn to remove.I give it two stars because as a quick detailer, it's fine. It will clean off fine dust and fingerprints, and leave a wee bit of shine. In the gallon size the value is fair, but $18 or so per bottle is silly, seeing as how it has just about zero sealant properties and even the shine it leaves is inferior to some $8 spray waxes.I've heard that CG is hit and miss with their products, but V7 is generally regarded as one of the hits. In my experience, it is not. Maybe they make some good stuff, but this isn't it. I don't want to judge the company by one product, so I'll give another one of their products a try, probably.  I gotta say, they do a really good job with graphic design on their packaging; especially the ""vintage"" line. I digress."
"Way too expensive for a such low quality product i justgong to use my regular product thus dont order this"
"Find a good dye and perfume-free detergent and wash your towels in it. This stuff seemed to work ok on my foam polishing pads, but I was able to achieve the same if not better results by using 409. I don't see any difference at all in using this to wash my microfiber stuff."
"I must not have a real application for this.  I used it (Jan 2013) on the windows, mirror, and windshield of a 2000 Silverado that had never been windshield-clayed and it didn't appear to pull up anything.  I used Wolfgang clay lube and followed the directions but didn't see any difference.  I folded the clay once just to see if there was a color or texture difference on the clay surface and I couldn't detect any.  Not sure whether my glass was old enough to use this (lol) or just the wrong application.  I do like Chemical Guys product to remove water spots, but you need to use your DA on it and I was hoping that this could get me partly there without all the effort."
"The bristles on the brush are basically strands of stiff plastic and I have not found it to do any cleaning at all around the lug nuts. Save your money."
"I was expecting something that I could push onto my lug nuts and twist and the lug nuts would come clean, but the bristles seemed to weak... maybe I got the wrong thing, but this isn't for me and it's just gonna sit in my shed..."
"I have washed these towels several times and I cannot get them to stop shedding like a dog. They are wonderfully soft, thick and plush but they just keep shedding fibers like mad."
"I bought several LEd lights for my RV to test them out, and this one was way too blue for my taste.  Bright for the lower number of LEDs it has, but the light doesn't match my other bulbs and looks un-natural to me."
"This is no better than scotch tape.  I thought it was going to be a flexible fabric type product.  Instead it is like a plastic tape that doesn't stay stuck. I do not recommend this product.  It's a waste of money."
"I first washed the awning with soap and water and then used acetone to remove any unseen films.  After applying, the tape stuck for a few minutes and then peeled off.  Admittedly, this is strong but if only it would have stuck I would've been happy.  It may me that my awning was too porous since it was/is old.  If you have a newer awning, you might get lucky and it will adhere."
"After 1.5 months in the sun it ROTTED out. Not made for outside awnings as advertized. DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK!"
"got four of these and two of them dont work,sending them back. i would buy them somewhere else,these are very short and not that bright anyway."
"Did not see anything wrong or damaged on the unit when it delivered so I mounted the part that is when things became apparent that it might be an unanticipated problem.  The first thing I noticed after mounting it and closing the hood was that the design of the unit was going to exaggerate a problem with the hood on the highway or heavy headwinds.  The jeep hood already has a slight issue with catching wind and bouncing up and down, but, the design of this unit has the Deflector jutting straight out before curving upward.  This creates an even larger point to catch wind and creating drag forcing the hood to jump even worse and at lower speeds so you tend to be watching the hood movement even more than normal.  Second issue I had with the part was the quality of the forming, at least with my part.  Once inside the jeep I noticed that the right side looked lower so I checked the mounting and everything was exactly the same as the left side.  Checking closer it was apparent that the right side was slightly misformed, it had more bend than the right so that the top of the deflector was lower(closer) to the hood than the left.  Yes, it is quite noticeable from inside the vehicle but not a huge issue.  Overall I am considering just removing it and not have it on the Wrangler"
"This bulb is not 31mm, it's more like 33mm.  This is very important to know.  It's not that bright though.  Buy AGT, Advanced German Techology.  This is more like a cheap chinese knock off"
"It's worth the money even though it is sent with some hardware that in no way fits my bike...I had it reupholstered and used different hardware to attach it...why...because I didn't pay much for it and it looks great and gives me what I wanted ...getting away from saddle bags..."
"Never went into maintain mode after two days.  Always charging and that's when I tested with a VTVM.  The battery, fully charged from use of the car, started at 13.5 VDC.  Took the charger off when the voltage, at the battery, reached 14.75 VDC and was still rising.  Looks nice but this one appears to be malfuncting.  Returning to Amazon."
"Failed just after the time limit for returning items to Amazon.The switch to select 6 or 12V is weak and easily moved by accident.The Schumacher SEM-1562A-CA (also sold by Amazon) is the same price, automatically senses whether it's charging a 6 or 12V battery (no switch) and has indicators that are easier to read and give more information.  It also claims to have a desulfation mode.  I purchased the Schumacher at about the same time and it has been working without fault.I would not purcahse this product again.  Depending on cost and resistance encountered, the thing may get returned or trashed.Update 3/25 - Two months after calling on the phone, getting an authorization and sending in the dead unit for a warranty replacement, nothing has arrived. Not only is the product defective, but it seems the company is as well.  I will avoid their brand and their holding company and all of its brands as much as possible."
"I used this once to charge a new battery. It worked fine for that.I left the battery on the charger over the winter months and the battery was dead come that spring."
"The B&D BM3B Battery Charger is &#34;ok&#34;, but I prefer a true smart battery charger.  It works and provides good maintenance charge, but never stops charging the battery which can overcharge any battery - quickly.  Additionally, I bought this passed on good experience with other B&D products, but this charger is NOT made by B&D.  A china company justs licenses the name.  Too bad."
"I happen across these while looking for something else & they looked promising.The pros:+ Reasonably priced at $6.41, with free shipping, when I bought 2 of these.+ Metal free, heavy sponge with a microfiber cover.+ Sure grip handle+ Cone shaped, measures 1-1/2"" on the end, 2-1/2"" on the handle side.  The cleaning area is approximately 8"" long from the tip to where the handle starts.The cons:- We've used these twice now & the wide end seems to be a bit too wide for our vehicles.- The microfiber covering needs to be removed to squeeze the water out of the sponge.- The microfiber cover needs to be removed to be laundered.  When I turned the cover inside out, I was surprised there's only a single row of stitching, which I'm going to say will fail shortly.  The microfiber has already frayed back to the stitching. :(If these hold up, I'll consider increasing my product rating.&#9658; Update - May 25, 2014Today I noticed the handle... specifically the rod that's inserted into the sponge, on one of the two I purchased is loose!?  The handle has a long rod that is pressed into the sponge & is secured with glued.  I pulled it off to see what going on.  The rod was glued sparingly in only 2 places.  The glue placed towards the end had failed.  I reapplied glue to see if I could secure the handle rod back in the sponge.This is VERY annoying after only 2 uses!  I've dropped my product rating from 3 to 2 out of 5 stars. :("
"This was a &#34;eh give it a shot&#34; purchase and I already regret the purchase. The tip of the wand is coming apart, and it really doesnt make the cleaning of a rim or wheel easier."
"i purchased this product through amazon.com, and while i was doing some shopping at walmart, i happened to find this product at a lower price than amazon was selling it at.but, anyway, i used the product on my brand new set of toyota headlight assembly. and i mean toyota headlight assembly, not some cheap knock offsBlue Magic 730-6 Headlight Lens Sealer - 8 oz.the product does not live up to its name.what a waste of time and money buying this product.if you want to keep your headlight assembly as new as possible, i suggest buying ""turtle wax blue ice.""you could apply the wax to hot headlight assemblies. no need to find a shady area to apply. best product on the market to keep your headlight looking nice and clear."
"I could not rate this product as it opened up in shipment and the bottle was completly empty.  I was sure glad it was wrapped in another plastic bag, which held about 1/2 of the liquid.  The rest was aborbed by the over sized back it was ship in."
"This product doesn't even make a good boat anchor, I'm it returning asap .It was a failure to launch, it never worked.The wiring instructions if you can call them that were horrible, I've seen better stick men drawn . I'm a licensed electrician and this one was a puzzler even for me.The good thing, it was made with the cheapest components known to man , which helps the environment due to the lack of needed parts, it saved on weight for shipping.The best part was getting it all installed , and waiting for the magical moment to have new lights on my truck.Flip the switch and  .They say life is full of disappointments, and this is definitely one of them."
"Split the first time I used it and I have a 2-5/16 ball Save your money and find another manufacture for your ball covering needs."
"These relays arent the best in the world. I purchased 2, one for my reg headlights and one for my fogs. One out of the two was bad before I even got it in my car. The other one went out 3 months down the line. Had to purchase some nicer more expensive ones so my lights turn on."
"This product claims to restore black trim and lasts for two weeks. LOL. Just WETTING it makes it look new again so spit would work as good as this stuff. If you have car wax or car polish on the plastic trim (especially dull plastic trim) it is very difficult to remove. An old trick is to just put Armor All on it. That makes it look black for at LEAST two weeks. The best solution is to use denatured alcohol (be careful not to get it onto your paint) on a cotton swab or cloth, rub and dry. Then, put some Armor All original on there and you're good to go for WAY longer than two weeks. Been doing it for YEARS on my 1990 Camry and it works every time, ."
"These Suck. I bought 2 of these for my car, and only one of them worked. The one that did work was blinding and made the vehicle look tacky.Would not recommend"
"Simple, quick review.These work great for interior lights, IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM!They are VERY BIG , so make sure you have the room before you put them in!They have metal contacts on the back of the LED panel that can (and do) short out if you have a metal backing in your interior light AVOID THEM!Great light out put if they work in your light fixture.Be careful they are easy to break if forced.A little expensive but should last for years, if you have the right light fixture."
"better understand now what you can do (repair) and what not... if you are trying to mend a tear or rip just simply forget it..."
"Will not buy again. Tooo small of amount and marginal performance."
"Product worked great for three days. Then that was it. Seemed like a good product at first but definitely can't recommend."
"But then after about 4 months of use, it just completed stopped working.  So I would definitely not buy again."
"I bought this LED pack specifically because of the AGT brand.  What arrived are generic LED's in a single pack NOT the 2 per AGT bag (see photo).  Yes, sure the bulbs work and they do what I wanted and they are as technically described (10x 194 168 2825 5-SMD White High Power LED Car Lights Bulb), but they aren't AGT...""10 x Wedge Type Bulbs by AGT packaged 2 per plastic bag (AGT Brand LED bulbs are known for using superior SMD bulbs that perform and last 2x longer than competitor LED bulbs) Be aware of sellers selling NON-AGT brand bulbs. There are cheaper modules on the market they may substitute. AGT bulbs never ship from China.""Hmmm - SURE!Note that you will find these are not a tight fit in the holder like the original incandescent bulb and you need to try various bulbs until you get a reasonable fit.  Time will tell how long these cheap presumably Chinese bulbs last.Unfortunately, Amazon seems to be using more and more untrustworthy sources."
"This bulb does not emit the light I was hoping for. I suppose if I had more experience with LED I could have picked a better bulb."
"New Review after about 3/4 year.ALL of the lamps that were installed have developed flickers or have just gone out. The vendor readily replaced the first 2-3 that stared flickering within 2 weeks. By now the rest have started flickering and one or two are completely dark.They seem fine if they are not on full-time. ones in the parking/license lights are the first to fail, then the overhead dome lights. the best ones remaining are in the doors, only on when that door is open. The dome lights lasted until one day I had the doors open for an hour or so while cleaning, then a couple of those started flickering.I haven't contacted the vendor again. I don't remember what the warranty is. No sense in going through the trouble to get more of these, just to have them fail.I suspect they are not running an adequate resistor, if any internally; instead pushing for maximum output, which raises temps and lowers lifespan.oh well. May just go back to incandescent.1. light quality: typical slight-blue LED output. They are brighter than incandescent in a non-focused housing like a dome light, and acceptable for clear marker lights, license lights, etc.. very happy with these in interior and puddle lights and dome lights. They throw a lot of flooded light. In a focused lens they are about the same as a filament bulb, just not as much pinpoint focus.2. bulb quality: it's a solid bulb that is a little tight to install, but even in really tight sockets they did not break on me. they run a little warm in always-on use, so i'm not sure what to expect from them long-term. Of the 12 I have installed, 2 have had one element (each bulb has five) start to flicker. the flickering would stop if I pressed on it. The vendor has quickly replaced the bulbs and has said they'll provide 90 day warranty. This works for me.3. price. $10 for 10 LED bulbs is reasonable. Keep in mind, at this price, while some may have given me trouble, the cost is no more than incandescent.4. I'm giving 5 stars because the vendor and the low price makes up for the problems I've seen so far. It's a neat product and affordable to experiment with.EDIT - docking one star to 4. Afte a few months, half of these have lost several LED elements."
"I installed these in my 5th wheel RV and they worked great.  I went in at the end of the summer and turned them on, all of them are blinking and some are completely off.  The circuit boards cannot handle summer temperatures in a hot RV.  Do not buy for RV usages unless you will only be in cooler climates."
"***UPDATED 09/03/2013***I just bought a bed rail kit for my truck and needed to remove these from the stake holes to install the rails.  1 cracked the plastic immediately as I pressed down on the screws.  Of the 8 screws I attempted to remove, 7 stripped the heads and 1 actually had backed itself out before I even got to it.  I ended up cracking the plastic off of them in order to get them out.  The aluminum block that locks the tie downs in place had corroded and locked the screws in the block.  I liked them when they were in there but this just ruined it for me.  There's ~$50 just gone.*************************Initial impressions:Very satisfied with this product. I am using them on an '05 dodge 2500. These kind of jingle a little when driving etc but I'm not annoyed by it at all.  My swingcase tool box makes far more noise.  They seem durable and well made.  Under loads they will shift in the stake holes so they're not lined up properly.  No biggie, just move them back."
"November 21, 2012 Update - Well these blades are not worth the extra premium price. They lasted just barely 9 months on my car. Normal life is a year (these are on a 2002 Buick Rendezvous - I've gone through roughly 9 sets of wiper blades, all lasting over a year). As I said in the lower part of this review, yes it was complicated to remember how to pull these blades off. They are different from all other blades around and those two little squeeze spots were hard to figure out after all this time. I won't be repurchasing these blades.The replacement blades I purchased this time are Michelin - a hybrid wiper, classic frame with full blade coverage:Michelin 5022 Stealth Wiper Blade, 22"" (Pack of 1)The original review:The Bosch Icon wiper blade is Bosch's top of the line frameless wiper. This is an outstanding blade that is surprisingly easy to install.The most important step with wiper blades, is finding the correct blade for your care. Gone are the days when I could go to a parts counter and ask for a 24 inch refill (refills don't exist anymore). There is a part finder on Amazon. I would also recommend using the blade finder at Bosch to simply double check the blades required. A lot of cars have two blades that are a different length. Oddly, my Buick Rendezvous did not have the third rear wiper listed, the part finders both places only listed two blades. There are also A and B versions of these blades, so be certain to pick the correct blade.The hardest part of installation is removing the old wiper blade. While visiting Bosch's blade finder, I stumbled on an excellent video that demonstrates how to replace wiper blades. Removing the old one is the longest part of the video. This particular blade is for the U shaped end of the metal wiper arm. There is usually a clip on the inside of that U on the pivot side of the wiper arm. It is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jumps out of your hand - it's not unheard of to crack a windshield that way.The final step is to open the black plastic clip. Slide the U shaped end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder. Pull back and snap the clip down. The end of the wiper arm is now encased in lovely plastic. That's it, there's nothing more to do. Pretty simple.Replacing both wiper blades on my Buick Rendezvous at midnight, took me 20 minutes total, and that included washing my hands and recycling the packaging materials. I'll admit that I've changed a lot of wiper blades.The Icon blade is a direct competitor to the Goodyear Assurance wiper blade. It's pretty amazing to see these two blades side by side. The only real difference between the blades, the Bosch has an aerodynamic spoiler to help force the blade against the car window at speed. And the clip mechanism on the Goodyear is more universal, but leaves the clip exposed to the elements. Honestly, these two differences are nice looking, but I'm not sure they really make that much difference in the big picture.I installed the Goodyear Assurance blades about a year ago and couldn't exactly remember the clipping mechanism. So it took me a moment to remove the old blade. In a year or two when I replace these blades, I'm certain I will forget about how that plastic cover is clipped on, and will struggle just as much with the Bosch blades. In their marketing information Bosch talks about how the clip prevents snow and ice build up on the wiper blade. In all my years of driving in really bad snow storms, I've never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attaching point.This is a good looking blade. Bosch and Goodyear both have eliminated that external frame with all the pivot points and metal or plastic holders - those really did get snow under them and create problems. They are now using a spring steel plate wrapped with plastic. There are no moving parts with this system. The rubber wiper blade is actually exactly the same as an external frame wiper - it sits inside a slot like all the rest. The end caps are attached tightly and should never fall off.Overall, this is an excellent wiper blade. Given that a wiper blade lasts for a good year or two, I think these are worth the extra cost over Bosch blades. I would shop based on price versus the Goodyear Assurance blades - they are virtually the same thing.Goodyear GY-WB765-22 Assurance Black 22'' Premium Rubber Graphite Coated Wiper Blade"
"The Bosch Icon wiper blade is Bosch's top of the line frameless wiper. This is an outstanding blade that is surprisingly easy to install.November 21, 2012 Update - Well these blades are not worth the extra premium price. They lasted just barely 9 months on my car. Normal life is a year (these are on a 2002 Buick Rendezvous - I've gone through roughly 9 sets of wipers). As I said in the lower part of this review, yes it was complicated to remember how to pull these blades off. They are different from all other blades around and those two little squeeze spots were hard to figure out after all this time. I won't be repurchasing these blades.The most important step with wiper blades, is finding the correct blade for your care. Gone are the days when I could go to a parts counter and ask for a 24 inch refill (refills don't exist anymore). There is a part finder on Amazon. I would also recommend using the blade finder at Bosch to simply double check the blades required. A lot of cars have two blades that are a different length. Oddly, my Buick Rendezvous did not have the third rear wiper listed, the part finders both places only listed two blades. There are also A and B versions of these blades, so be certain to pick the correct blade.The hardest part of installation is removing the old wiper blade. While visiting Bosch's blade finder, I stumbled on an excellent video that demonstrates how to replace wiper blades. Removing the old one is the longest part of the video. This particular blade is for the U shaped end of the metal wiper arm. There is usually a clip on the inside of that U on the pivot side of the wiper arm. It is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jumps out of your hand - it's not unheard of to crack a windshield that way.The final step is to open the black plastic clip. Slide the U shaped end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder. Pull back and snap the clip down. The end of the wiper arm is now encased in lovely plastic. That's it, there's nothing more to do. Pretty simple.Replacing both wiper blades on my Buick Rendezvous at midnight, took me 20 minutes total, and that included washing my hands and recycling the packaging materials. I'll admit that I've changed a lot of wiper blades.The Icon blade is a direct competitor to the Goodyear Assurance wiper blade. It's pretty amazing to see these two blades side by side. The only real difference between the blades, the Bosch has an aerodynamic spoiler to help force the blade against the car window at speed. And the clip mechanism on the Goodyear is more universal, but leaves the clip exposed to the elements. Honestly, these two differences are nice looking, but I'm not sure they really make that much difference in the big picture.I installed the Goodyear Assurance blades about a year ago and couldn't exactly remember the clipping mechanism. So it took me a moment to remove the old blade. In a year or two when I replace these blades, I'm certain I will forget about how that plastic cover is clipped on, and will struggle just as much with the Bosch blades. In their marketing information Bosch talks about how the clip prevents snow and ice build up on the wiper blade. In all my years of driving in really bad snow storms, I've never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attaching point.This is a good looking blade. Bosch and Goodyear both have eliminated that external frame with all the pivot points and metal or plastic holders - those really did get snow under them and create problems. They are now using a spring steel plate wrapped with plastic. There are no moving parts with this system. The rubber wiper blade is actually exactly the same as an external frame wiper - it sits inside a slot like all the rest. The end caps are attached tightly and should never fall off.Overall, this is an excellent wiper blade. Given that a wiper blade lasts for a good year or two, I think these are worth the extra cost over Bosch blades. I would shop based on price versus the Goodyear Assurance blades - they are virtually the same thing.Goodyear GY-WB765-24 Assurance Black 24'' Premium Rubber Graphite Coated Wiper Blade"
"I used this to recharge an iphone and laptop and it worked very well.  The fan turns on under load and is noticable but not a big deal since the radio and road noise in my car drown it out.  The inverter is so small that a fan is a must to keep it cool.  Advantages to this unit are its small size which can fit in most compartments in a car, lightweight, relatively inexpensive and easy to connect and use. It also has a 2.1 Amp USB Port that is very handy to charge the phone or ipod. The negative is the noise of the fan and the unit must be unplugged from the power port in the car to turn it off.This is a very useful and easy to use inverter.  It can also be attached directly to the battery for heavier loads but I did not test that capability.UPDATE: 1/29/13: The power inverter's plug no longer works.  The electrical connectivity is intermitent.  If I move the wire it connects and then disconnects indicating a bad internal connection.  This inverter is just not durable enough for me to recommend it.  I have deducted 2 stars."
"never got it to work,no help or support with software,so i sent it back to get my money back,they should not sell crap that dont work."
"I had this OBD scanner for months before recently having need to use it when my Chevy Duramax truck's engine light went on. I installed the software on a Window 7 laptop and made the connection to this Bluetooth device. Not a good installation program is provided. The user needs to know how to go into Windows and see which COM port(s) are being used to connect to Bluetooth otherwise the setup will fail.The scanner read one DTC number but that was it. When I took the truck to the Chevy dealer their code scanner came back with 6 error codes. Glad the dealer's mechanic was a good one and fixed every one of the 6 problems (which included replacing one of the two NOx sensors).Very unimpressed with a scanner that missed 5 of 6 DTC codes. Better to spend more and get one that will provide all the information."
"Tried it on two vehicles.  Needed to be reset by unplugging and or restarting my app.  A bit of a pain as I was being cautious and shutting down the pickup and restarting.  Also did not read fuel setting on my silverado.  That did work on Doge Ram 2500.  It would be better to get a more expensive device that works and that can be updated."
"you expect clones to be , quality, really>?  why?let me list why they are poor.1: hand soldered , and badly done, in many cases. (bad connections inside)2: uses a 5vdc power regulator chip, that is not any good at all in cars noisy environment, nor did they add filters to protect this weak chip,That is why it dies, after working , The Cars A.C clutch cycling can blow up the 78 series reg, in side in 1/10th second.  a fact.3: the processor and op codes, for the chip (firmware) was stolen for the Canada company that invented (copyrighted) it,  (a hard cold fact)the real maker of the chip is here ..  ask them.http://elmelectronics.com/obdic.html4: the APP software too, was stolen.  if you look close, and see what you have, you will find out its and illegal version of an american company, software.call them and ask.  they will make your ears burn. (the maker, look them up, and ask them)now those are the facts , and it is a clone,you do get what you pay for, when buying clone, anything.if you had bought a real one, it might  stay working.here is the real tool.  and they do speak English and do take calls and DO have a help forum, dah?the real tool is herehttp://www.scantool.net/scan-tools/smart-phone/that being said, (i have 4 top brand scan tools)  but if you buy 3 of these clones, for $17, on any sunday , one might work. (i have 3 but expect zero to work.)my last one failed for bad soldering inside.  im an electronics tech, (retired) and diagnosed it and repaired it,the next one that died, i found the 7805 chip blown to bits.  that chip dont belong in cars, unless you know how to make it work (filters)I do have a fix for it.  using a TVS chip on the input of the reg.  it works great.here is that $1 chip the cloners can't clone, or want to buy.  only 50 cents in thousands.http://www.digikey.com/product-detail/en/SMDJ22CA/SMDJ22CACT-ND/2409345that is the  truth !"
"This seems to be working fine for me using the Torque app on Android.Issues I have found-The device mac address is generic and can cause issues with multiple devices-have to enter the password for the device every time the app is shutdown"
"Never worked right out of the box.  Torque would constantly say ""faulty reader"" until 2 weeks later it largely stopped working (it would only send updates once every 5 seconds...not acceptable).  Sent it back, got a refund from Amazon, stepped up to the non-generic Scantool.  There appears to be several different copies of this design floating around here and ebay.  They all probably come from the same factory in China and change the sticker with their logo."
"Would not connect from my 2005 Dodge Ram Diesel to a Toshiba A100 or a Tmobile G2 with the Torque app."
"I bought this for a 2012 Jeep Wrangler. It fits great and doesn't slide around. However, the black dye used fades fast. It had faded to a dark reddish-brown about 5 months after putting it on. And that was during a time where I had my hard top on, so it wasn't getting barraged by UV rays.I will look elsewhere when it is time to replace it."
"Doesn't fit well at all. Every time you lift the console it comes off. Don't waste your money or time trying to make it work."
"The decal I received was no where as clear as the image shown on Amazon. It looks great IF you are 5 feet away, otherwise it looks like you are looking at a snapshot of an 8-bit video game. Very low resolution. I'll post a picture here soon.*Update: I have taken the image off my car since several people have already made comments about the image resolution. I contacted decal kingz to tell them the product was defective and wanted my money back. They declined since I was 5 days past the 30-day return mark.See my image for details: http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B005OL7K4E/ref=cm_ciu_pdp_images_2?ie=UTF8&index;=2&isremote;=0"
"I bought this thinking I wanted very accurate gauge. One it is very hard to couple to the Schrader valve to you I have found the accuracy to be questionable compared to other gauges."
"The rear of the meter is exposed and very sensitive to the elments. The Panel fell apart as I tried to install it. I do not understand why they do not install it into a plastic box even to be used in a panel a box would make it easier and less fragile to handle."
"Bolts on easy enough.  Like others have mentioned it isn't &#34;level&#34; and your antenna will tilt.  Furthermore, any antenna I would have used wouldn't have cleared the stock Jeep spare tire so I had to make a modification (another bracket) to mount to this one.  If I had to do it over again, I would have just made my own bracket in the beginning."
"The saying you get what you pay for fits. This is an expensive solution to protecting your door from chipping. How it works is you put a strip of semi-adhesive material along the edge of your door. It's not like packing tape but more rubbery. The problem with this is yes it will protect the edge of your door from paint flaking off if you ding it, however this won't protect your door from dents or larger dings like the thicker, rubber trim will that you can buy. So yes this will work to keep the paint in place and provide a bit of protection, but in my opinion this really isn't worth the money, it provides too little protection.I applied it to a Honda ridge-line truck, I have 4 doors and only got one set so 2 doors are protected, 2 are not. It's important you clean both the front, edge and back side of the door where the film sticks otherwise it will fall off.Once applied the film blends so you can hardly see it's on.Now I am not going to ding my door to test this, but from initial inspections it doesn't look like it does much good. It's like putting laminated piece of paper on your stomach and then getting hit. You are still going to feel it, its still going to damage but it will soften the blow....a little....It's a nice idea but for me this should be marketed as a ""as seen on TV"" item for those late night TV shoppers. It's a novelty item to give you the illusion of protection. If you want real protection you need something thicker and more substantial."
"I bought this bag due to the high ratings.  I received the bag yesterday and not really amazed by it.  It says leather ""Shell"" but I doubt it.  It doesn't feel or looks like a real leather to me.  It looks a lot rougher than it shows in the picture.The original plan was to put it on the fork on my 04' VTX1300c but it doesn't work.  I don't blame the bag because it clearly states that it is for handle bars.  But the bag is pretty big to go on the handle bars.  I could easily put an Arizona Ice tea can in it with some extra space.  So I ended up putting it on the back of the sissy bar.Pros:- Big- Sturdy- Low PriceCons:- Very stiff (like plastic stiff)UPDATE (9/17/2013)After using it for about 15 miles on the sissy bar, it scratches the pain of my fender because of the hard material they call ""Leather"".  See the Pictures that I put up."
"Don't purchase this item the straps that hold it to your handlebars are so thin you find your tool bag flying away. Also don't place items in this bag you want there is no way to secure it from anybody from opening it unless you wrap it with a chain and lock. Go to your nearest Motorcycle Store and purchase your moneys worth and know you stuff is secure when you are away from your bike."
"I ordered this vest in XL it says XL but its sized so small. It actually is a medium. If your going to order this vest make sure the size you order is three times what you normally wear. ORDER LARGER. I ordered it so I can wear a hoodie under it and there is no way it would ever fit."
"Vest was well made.  However, the XL size I ordered was more like a medium.  I normally wear size large, so I figured I would order an X-Lg and have some extra room for winter shirts.  This thing fits like a medium.  Can't even snap it.  Lucky I had a friend that wanted it."
"I love the quality and construction of this vest!  HOWEVER, the sizes are NOT true at all!!!  They don't just run small, they run ridiculously small!!!  I mean, a 4XL is too small for someone who wears XL...  My 4XL fits my daughter who wears a womens medium!  It really turned out to be a waste of time; especially, when I wanted the vest for this weekend."
"I ordered a larger size as everyone said in their review to do, however this was so small I gave it to my son. If you wear a XL order a XXXL minimum, It may fit."
"The K&N; website wording characterizes both the PS and the HP series filters as premium, but the PS series is certainly NOT a premium filter at all.The metal in the housing is thinner, its diameter is smaller, the flow-holes around the central mounting hole are smaller, and the width of the sealing gasket is not as wide. There is a sloppy amount of glue between the base plate and the outside housing. The term ""contractor grade"" came to mind as being a cheaper, barely functional product designed for a jobber, not the end-user with an eye on quality.I've asked K&N; to consider changing the wording of their product description to more accurately reflect the inferior quality of this filter compared to the HP-series.Since I don't need the HP series ""nut"" on top of the filter, I thought I'd save a buck or two on a filter of equivalent quality otherwise.  Poor economy.-----------UPDATEI've received satisfactory responses from K&N; staff in their marketing and in their consumer affairs departments. I identified myself as a longtime customer and expressed disappointment that the ""PS"" series failed to live up to expectations.  Based on their subsequent communications with me I remain a loyal customer."
"Attracted to their low price, I tried substituting these LED bulbs for the filament bulbs in a couple of my motorhome's overhead fixtures hoping I'd eventually be able to replace all of my incandescent bulbs to save power.  To make the electrical connection, I had to pry the wires from the base slightly.  Once I did that, and ensured that the polarity was correct, all of the LEDs in the bulbs came on.  But even with all of them working the light output was nowhere near as much as I was getting from my filament bulbs.  Though these are advertised as being ""white"" the color of the light was a cool light blue, casting a not-at-all warm light.  The difference in light color and light intensity between these LED bulbs and my regular incandescent filament bulbs was dramatic.  As much as I would like to reduce my lighting power consumption which would, of course, greatly increase the time I could light my coach before having to charge my batteries, these won't do it for me.  Sadly, I must continue looking for warmer, brighter LED bulbs."
"When trying to drive on these they often tend to move forward so your car is on the ground again. Sometimes they move right or left even when you drive on them absolutely in a straight line.To use them in a safe way you'd have to block them from suddenly shooting forward. a long stick of sturdy wood will do the trick if you can fix against a not moving object. If the piece of wood is wide enough it will also help the ramps from misaligning"
"These are not my first ramps, they arrived in a huge box with a lot of packaging paper (so packaged well).  I put both on the floor next to each other in the living room, one of ramps had extra plastic material on the center part of it's bottom (who ever took the plastic out of the mold didn't do a good job cutting off the excess), so one ramp was swinging lift and right as my kids jumped on it, while the other ramp was perfect and not moving.  So I used a small handsaw to finish It myself.  A very simple thing for the factory to observe before shipping a none conforming part!FYI, I do have race ramps that I use for my lower sport sedan, and they have a 10 degree slope.Update 6-23-2013I was trying to go up the ramps slowly several times, I over did it and the right side ramp went under the tire and the ramp was bent (the walls from inside broke off with the center wall, twisted and some minor cracks appeared, so one mistake going up this 17 degree will cost you 55 bucks, burned faster than a match...I did drive again on top of these ramps, but not sure if they are safe for use.  I think a floor jack and couple of jack stands along with a very good knowledge of where to place and lift the vehicle is the best solution.used on a 2009 Chrysler Town and Country van. - curb weight 4750 lbs.Update 9-20-2013I forgot to mention, a day after the ramps were damaged, I called the manufacturer and they sent me new ones (which I'm selling as is) and sent back the damaged."
"I've own both the original and the new style nesting Rhino ramps.Since they move on concrete, the originals were easily drive over, given the very low lip at the end of the ramps.  Yes, I drove over the originals and took a chunk out of the ends, as the ramps landed on the rocker panel &#34;pinch weld.&#34;I sold the originals and bought the new style ones, hoping they would be better.THEY ARE NOT!  The end of the ramp split as they are nested after two or three uses.The right wheel spun on my 2003 Toyota Corolla had melted the surface of one ramp.THE RACE PAMPS, at three tomes of price of these are PERFECT.  I dumped these and purchase them, instead.All of the ratings are 5 star on Amazon.  Basically, this in one time that you get what you pay for."
"The ramp keeps sliding on the pavement. So I put a towel under it. Did not work. It seems only way this ramp will work is to back it up with something to keep it from sliding. Returned"
"So I wanted to add a battery disconnect to my RV batteries and ordered this.  But when It came time to actually put this on I was not impressed. Battery cable wire size was to big for the switch.  Would have been better to see prior to purchase."
"I've been using Meguires products for years and have been very satisfied with many of their products, but not this one.  I've tried many different types of glass cleaners from the age old Windex, to spray foam cleaners, paste cleaners, and finally this one.  This one is horrible.  While initially the cleaner seems to work, it leaves behind a thin oily residue on the glass.  In more than 30 years of detailing and taking care of cars I've never encountered a product that hazes/fogs faster than or more than this one does. To make sure I tested the product on all kinds of glass from auto glass to windows in the home, mirrors, aquariums, etc. and even tried using different drying tools from several types of paper towels, microfiber towels, synthetic chamois, and the results were always the same...it fogged/hazed on all the types of glass in a very short time.Do not waste your money on this cleaner.  I've found the very best results come from just plain distilled or R.O. water and a high quality microfiber towel.  It doesn't fog, won't harm interior window tintings, and costs practically $0."
"I thought this product offered an EASY way to transfer any printed image onto my car; like printing something on special paper that was easily transferred over. The operative word there being 'easy' and there's nothing easy about this process; at least not for me. The directions show a rather complex star shape, which would be virtually impossible for the average person to replicate, given the steps require precisely cutting the design out with a razor blade. It would be painstakingly tedious work for anyone, including a highly talented artist, to cut all that intricate detail perfectly and come up with a usable design that didn't look like garbage.As if that wasn't complicated enough, then you have to tape the design onto your car perfectly, and hope the stencil doesn't move one iota while you buff the paint off your car with actual sandpaper -!!- all for an end result that looks mediocre at best. I guess if you have nothing better to do, this would be a great little project for a hobbyist. But I seriously have to wonder if there aren't better alternatives that would take less time, look 1000x better, and not require intentionally scratching your car in the process.Bottom Line -- Nice idea, but not for me."
"This kit is impossible to use and is not worth the money. Regular vinyl stick decals are easier to apply. The fact that this kit comes with wet sand paper indicates that it is difficult to use and may cause damage to the paint surface."
"For those who wants to purchase thi 45 degree turn stop. It will leak when there is a rush of waste water coming out. The seal from the hose can not handle this type of pressure. The 90 degree turn will works better as the waste water does not rush directly to the hose seal."
"Ok, I get that there are bound to be some DOA bulbs. Couldn't you just send a replacement without having to return the defective one? It isn't going to be repaired, so just show the customer that you really want their business and not make them send it back in the mail. How much is it going to really cost you?"
"I put one of these in my RV's porch light to replace the standard bulb and it melted. I checked the socket with a millimeter and the socket turned out to be fine. Not sure if it was just a bad unit or what, but I threw the other one away as I have no desire to have a fire."
"lights work but not as bright as I would liked them to be. nice for an area where you only need a little bit of light"
"great price and great amazon service, but doesnt fit the first prius'. Be careful. refund was instant,  love amazon! 2004 and older may work for you. My ratng is not actually fair, I know. sorry"
"So I received them and they were mostly to long and didn't work correct, they also had contacts that were to far out so the leds wouldn't work as well."
"I live in Southern California where it is sunny everyday this summer has been around 90's with some heat waves of 105+ days.  I purchased this June 26th, 2012 and now it has completely fell apart.  This product is very cheaply made and is evident as soon as you open it.Cons:-Its so thin and cheap that when it actually gets heated up by the sun it turns into thin paper and just bends easily which can cause it to fall out of your window-After two months the black felt around the edge of the sun shade has started to flake off causing a horrible mess in my car every time you remove the shade more comes off.-Also the eyes and other color now flakes off so there are a bunch of holes in the shade on the painted sidePros:-It was cool for the first month I had it until it started to fall apart."
"Burned out within a few weeks. Noticible burn inside unit, discoloration. Thermal protection does not work. Seller has not responded with any replacement or warranty info."
"Original review: I have these in my RAM pickup as backup lights.  Even though the lenses are shining up in the reflector, they throw MUCH more bright white light than any other LED setup i've tried.UPDATE:  Ordered these in March, installed them about 2 weeks after they came.  Tonight (6/29) the passenger side reverse light completely failed - no strobing, no flickering, simply will not light and the remaining bulb was VERY hot.  Apparently these bulbs, although substantially brighter, are not ready for prime time and obviously cannot be cooled properly.  I replaced the bulbs with the original LED's I had installed and will avoid this vendor in the future."
"Sorry to say but these bulbs are very dull and a few I had to toss.. do to them burning up. I must say some of you poeple making comments must have No Idea about LEDs. The bulbs are cheap garbage. If you want true good bulbs goto superbrightLEDs. You spend a bit more but you get what you pay for. Buy 2 from superbright then compare it to these. I love the pictures they have up showing how bright they are and it makes me laugh cause just think about it you get 20 bulbs for 10 buck and superbright has 1 for 5.95 and its really bright and guaranteed for life plus not China made."
"junk don't buy"
"I had to return this scanner because of intermittent on & off.  I also tried to find out onlineaboutthis model MS309 and I could not register the item if I wanted to because item came from China with no registration possible for this scanner"
"DOES NOT WORK with 2001 Acura MDX or 1st generation Honda Pilot.Calling Autel support in the US and they are totally useless because they deny this is their product.Instead buy theINNOVA 3040 OBD2 Scan ToolorINNOVA 3030 Diagnostic Code Reader for OBDII Vehiclesthat a friend just recommended, which worked on my 2001 Acura MDX.Now for the long story ...I purchased this tool to read the code off my 2001 Acura MDX (equivalent to the 1st generation Honda Pilot), well it DOES NOT WORK, keeps scanning and eventually gives a ""LINKING ERROR"".  I've tried it with the ignition switch in the ON position (engine not running) as well as having the engine running, same ""LINKING ERROR"".  The documentation states it supports anything 1996 or newer with ODBII connector.However, this reader does work in our 2011 Honda Odyssey; the linking took about a minute but it connected, and is even able to read the VIN# from the car via the OBDII port, but the scanning is slow, took almost 2 minutes to read the VIN#.Now for the experience with customer support.  Went to the website auteltech(dot)com as listed in the included manual and called their toll-free support number.  Their technician states that ""I don't know where you got the MS309 from, but that is not a US Autel product.  We cannot support it.  Amazon or eBay is selling products that are not ours with our name on it.""When I asked the technician which model supports the 2001 Acura MDX, he said ""all of our products, even the low end AI319; as long as it is a 1996-2012 car with an OBDII connector it works.""  I reiterated my question asking him to confirm that it supported that particular car, he stated ""as long as you buy it from us, we support it"".  Again, he did not confirm it was tested on any vehicle.  So I asked if there are any online sellers, he stated he cannot recommend anyone and that I need to ask the retailer for support if it doesn't work.So what does that tell me?  RUN FROM THIS COMPANY if you plan on needing support!My question now is, do I keep this or return it (purchased from  Pocket-Store  and was fulfilled by Amazon)?In the meantime, I am giving this product 2-stars because it does work in our newer car. However, I cannot give it more stars given the response I got from support and the fact that it failed to connect to a 2001 Honda/Acura."
"I bought this Turtle Wax ICE spray wax for the specific reason that it says on the bottle ""Synthetic Formula Prevents Water Spots"". I have used this Turtle Wax ICE spray wax twice on my jetski and it is still water spotted every time I take it out of the water.Before I took my jetski to the lake this time, I used 3M's Marine Cleaner/Wax first to remove any old water spots. Then I liberally applied the Turtle Wax ICE spray wax and wiped it off. I did this twice just to make sure I had applied enough. Got back from the lake and the jetski is water spotted everywhere. Obviously the jetski gets wet but not much different than a car in rain or splashing through puddles of water.I would be satisfied if the water spots came off easily but they don't. I am going to have to use the 3M Marine Cleaner/Wax to get the water spots off again. But next time I will use Eagle One's NanoWax spray wax instead. That is what I use on my two other boats (20' and 16' both fiberglass) and the water spots come right off with another application of Eagle One's NanoWax spray wax.The bottle of Turtle Wax ICE spray wax calls it the most advanced wax yet and that it has a ""Synthetic Formula that Prevents Water Spots"". Maybe I just got a bottle of water or they forgot to put in the ingredient that prevents water spots. I'll just use it on my lawn tractor as it rarely gets used in the rain.Overall a very disappointing spray wax product that is way over-hyped."
"received quickly, tried to install but would not fit my truck. it obstructed the tailgate upon closing. Is sent it back for a refund with no problem."
"Had high hopes for this item, but it does not live up to the hype !Install instructions were terribly vague, what's a nutsert ?calling the contact number helped, but after install the bottom nutsert pivot part failed within 3 openings.Called the contact number and while helpful, they concurred the instructions were an issue and made a few suggestions including sending another install kit...Since it would need to be drilled out and destroyed to replace, I tried to tighten the nutsert to see if it would work.With about twice as many turns as the instructions suggested, it still pivots from the weight and let's the bottom shock mount slip off and then the tailgate comes BANGING down.will be returning this."
"THIS IS ONLY FOR A DODGE!GOT ONE!SENT IT BACK!I HAVE AN AVALANCH!  There""re page does Not give you a choice,although they say its ""custom "" fit for every vehicle. I called  DeeZee manufacturing and they do Not sell these amazon so watch your choices :-)"
"Update.The reason I was having cleaning problems with these wiper blades is because their OLD. I went to an auto store and replaced them and was informed of this...I noticed a color difference on the rubber part of the blade, these wipers were faded compared to actual fresh ones.I would recommend spending a few more dollars at a store to get new ones, or get the cheaper ones they work better then these. In my case.Now I'm out twenty bucks plus the price of the new ones."
"It was not clear from the product description but these are fully enclosed blades designed to keep ice from causing them to lose contact. I live in a part of Arizona where I don't need that. Also, these are about the ugliest blades I've ever seen, big and blocky. I'm sure they work great in snow and ice but I don't need that. Also, they don't flex out at the tip as much as regular blades. The the outer 3&#34; did not even touch on the passenger side of my 2001 Tundra windshield with the blade at rest."
"Thought this might have been because the wiper arm itself was bent. Put the old blade back on and it hits the spot fine. Using on a 2009 Camry. Tried bending the blade a bit to no avail, still misses a huge spot right in the middle on the drivers side part of the window. Will have to order a new one but will make sure it's a different brand."
"I have had good luck with Bosch wipers in the past but these do a terrible job and leave tons of streaks in the top half of the wiper arc.  I will be trying a different brand next time out.EDIT: I replaced these with some Rain-X Weatherbeater wipers and the improvement is drastic.  Stay away from the Bosch wipers and spend your money on something that actually works as intended."
"Just installed this on my wife's 2004 Toyota 4runner and yes it fits, even though Amazon says it doesn't. With that said, they seem like good wipers I noticed a little bit of squealing from the driver side one, but that could b/c the windshield needs cleaning or there wasn't enough rain on it at the time.Update- So after having them installed for over a month now, these wipers have a faint squeal to them constantly which can be annoying.  I have the ones that are step up from these on my truck and they don't squeal. So in my opinion it's worth spending a little more and getting the nicer ones.Update-2- on a Toyota 4runner these things suck. Will definitely not buy these again."
"I bought a set in May 2014 and installed them.  No issues installing them.  I inspected them on July 12, 2014 and found the wiper edges on both Driver and Passanger side were separating from main rubber part of the blade.  I live in Arizona and the weather is has been hot but not so hot to make both of these blades disintegrate after less than 2 months on the car.  When the rain hit my worst fears were confirmed as the wipers did not wipe away the rain from the windshield like they should have.Don't buy this inferior product!!"
"I was super excited to get this and try it out, unfortunately despite detailed research regarding the proper size to get for my vehicle, the attachment system is TOTALLY different than what is on my car. Very disappointing, as this was a very high-quality wiper."
"Unfortunately, I believe they sent me a return/refurb product.  You know that ""need a chainsaw to cut open melted plastic security packaging"" we all love to hate that electronics seemed to be packed in?  Well, this came in that, however, there was a cut about 3/4 the way up the package...just enough to pull the unit out and put the unit back in its packaging.  The box it was delivered in showed no signs of damage and that security plastic of death just can't rip on its own.Secondly, I was amazed to find 2 missing components (wondering if it is standard for all of this type, or if it was just missing in mine):  screws to permanently mount and most importantly an insulated copper wire to ground the unit.  If you're going to give us the option to screw it down in a vehicle, then supply the screws.  If you are going to sell a product that should be grounded, then help your customer by supplying that ground wire for crying out loud.It's also very important to note this can only supply 140W of power when using the in car power plug (ie, for your radar detector etc).  The only way you get to 400W is direct connect to the cars battery.I do like the fact that it has dual AC sockets, however, it really needs more than a single USB plug.  My intended use would be for trips and with only one USB charger, that doesn't work when you have more than one kiddo.I would recommend either going to a different model with more ports if you have kids."
"This is the second type of LED light I have tested.  I ordered 2 of these lights.  I measured the Voltage  and current at each light.  Each light came from different suppliers.LED Light 112.612V @1.711A = 21.579 WattsLED Light 212.581V @1.723A = 21.677 WattsThese lights are bright but the DC-DC converter is probably running too low.These might be B stock.While I wrote this review I left LED light 2 on to see what would happen when they got warm.LED Light 212.638V @1.638A = 20.701 WattsI was going to give these 2 stars but I received a refurbished unit.  I sent it back because the lense was cracked and had a poor repair job.  The lenses have to be super cheap I dont know why they bother repairing them.EDIT:  Careful with the lense cover.  I cleaned mine and now it has a white haze to it."
"These were easy to break and they did not fit my 2008 Honda Civic.  The description of the product needs to be changed so people don't end up buying this and it doesn't fit their vehicle."
"Don't buy this tank; there are several out there much better designed. Hard to handle; have to lift front to drain; make a mess. Hard to pull when full. Buy tank with 4 wheels that you don't have to lift front to pull - ones that work like kids wagon and that can be drained laying flat."
"Not only was it a disappointment it was a serious one. No fault of the light as it worked just fine. The difference between this bulb and the ones that came with the RV was literally night and day. With these LED bulbs installed the best I can compare it to is a moonlit night. No way I could read, cook, or do anything with these installed after the sun has set. As said, this isn't the bulbs fault because it worked as advertised."
"Ive bought SMDs countless times on amazon and I want the whitest SMD possible. I was replacing the gauge cluster bulbs in a '98 Camry and needed a few more. I wanted small ones with less SMDs since I wasnt sure about the depth for the bulb so I figured this kit would be fine.To be blunt, they work, well most of them. Some of them had the top SMD blown out but it wasnt too noticeable in the cluster. They all turned on and the cluster looks a lot better but not much brighter than the factor bulbs.The Jtechs are also in the 8000k range which I dont like. 8000K is white with a lot of blue, probably the closest thing to a solid blue LED. I definitely do not recommend these for license plate or parking lights since theyll attract too much attention and arent very bright. If youre replacing gauge cluster bulbs then theyll be fine."
"I installed one of these LEDs to replace a blown LED side light in Porsche Cayenne.  The bulb illuminates and is bright white, however it triggers a warning message to check side light.  While these bulbs are very low cost, and I'd recommend them for a standard application, these don't appear to be suitable for an error-free application requiring a CANBUS built-in load resistor."
"Maybe other people will have different results, but I was extremely disappointed. I bought these bulbs to replace the fairly dim bulbs in the dash of my 1996 Ford pickup, which has 194 style bulbs.  I had already replaced my dash bulbs with the &#34;high output&#34; filament type 194 bulbs. They still weren't bright enough for me, so I decided on LED's.  These Jtech 5smd bulbs were a VERY slight improvement, but not worth the trouble. The bulbs have some SERIOUS drawbacks:First, these bulbs are POLARIZED!!  meaning, they only work in one direction in the vehicle.  Most dash lights that use 194 bulbs aren't always going to light up all the time- I wanted to replace the very dim warning lights as well-you can't just make all the warning lights come on--there's no way to tell for sure that you have installed the bulbs correctly.  There is no indicator on the bulb to denote which side is to be for positive and which side is to be for negative. I had to remove all but the illumination bulbs, which I was able to check the function of.Second, the bulbs are very flimsy and not well constructed.  The led portion is not very securely fastened to the plastic socket assembly. Additionally, the &#34;plug&#34; uses cheap ultra-thin wire as the contact, which is very easily bent out of position.  You must ensure that the wire is in exactly the right position, and if you have to bend it very far, it will break. I have very little to believe that these bulbs will last any length of time at all. One of my dash bulbs has failed in less than ONE MONTH!!!Third, and this is my fault for buying the wrong style led, not the manufacturer's fault; only the flat &#34;top&#34; portion of the LED actually does anything if you're trying to use these for a dash illumination application. These might work where there is 360 degree unobstructed area around the bulb, but even when used in a reflector in the map light of my little Toyota, the light output is scarcely more than the 194 filament bulb that it replaced. There are LED's with 4 or even 8 SMD led's that are mounted flat on the top of the plastic plug assembly--this is what you want for directional light output.Bottom line, if you're looking to purchase the least expensive LED bulb, this is it.  If you are looking for a well-constructed, bright bulb to replace your dash lights, this is NOT the bulb you are looking for. To be fair, these bulbs would work fine if you're not needing a directional output light, and where you can check that the polarity of the bulb is correct before trusting it to work."
"I tried this after a friend recommended it to me, saying t lasted a few weeks and had good shine.More so then any other tire shine I have used, you MUST make sure your tires are 100% clean. If not, after applying this product, you will get brownish stains on your tires.  So use a good tire cleaner or degreaser to prepare it for the shine coating.It has more of a matte finish then a glossy shine, even after duplicate coats.  It seems to contain a large percentage of alcohol, as it flashes dry rather shortly after spraying it.  It also did not last long for me, only a few days at best.Not worth the effort, there is much better on the market.  I like Megs Endurance for an OTC product, and Ultima Trim and Tire Guard for a mail order product."
"I followed the instructions, cleaned the tire with a bristle brush and soap...dried it with towels. Then I applied the product. This morning, my tires have a thick, plastic feeling brown residue all over...looks like rust mixed with mud. When I used this stuff before, it never left a brown residue, just a horrible attempt at a shine.Overall this product sucks, and now I need to figure out how to remove the brown reside it left. Sticking with McGuires from now on..."
"I bought this product ( two cans )  a few weeks ago from another site and it is not what it claims to be.It left a white gummy residue on my tires and no shine. I eventually had to return one can."
"Lamps did not fit as promised, should of returned them but too late now! Did not fit the socket for the lamp on any light of the car."
"I bought these lights to replace the 20W lights in my camper. I have already bought a couple of LED lights elsewhere and I am very happy with them but the cost was too high to replace them all in my camper. I bought these 2 lights to try before buying a 20 set. The first thing to watch out for is the wires on both of these lights were crossed when I tried to install them the first time. This resulted in a quick pop and a little char on the light fixture. I removed the lights and bent what was left of the wires into place. The second try worked well. The resulting light is very blue and nowhere near as bright as my other LED lights. They are not completely unpleasant but are more like night lights than reading lights. I didn't want to waste the bulbs so I moved them to the bathroom where we leave the lights on all night. I will not be buying any more and would only recommend them for landscape lighting or night lights."
"Update. I went to a drive through car wash and to my surprise the car wash bent the front license plate all up. I removed it and straightened it back up and tried to put the plugs through the bottom the license plate but the things ripped right off. I was pretty pissed. $20 piece of rubber used for protection that cant even be installed with out malfunctioning. Then while poking a hole so can run a screw on the bottom the screw cover piece of rubber ripped off. I lost faith in this for protection. I ended up using zip ties to keep the bottom from being lifted up at the car wash.The company also gives you I think $5 to write a review if you purchase one, but do yourself a favor and just buy something elseSo I put this on a 12 kia optima. Here in Cali you gotta have the front plates so I was on a search for thick license plate frames and stumbled across this on amazon. It's not a bad price after seeing the little thin ones that offer no protection at autozone for about 10-15. I haven't tested it but I'm sure if I was to go battle with shopping carts the bumper will be protected. As long as I hit it dead center with the rubber frame.I was debating going with the HD frame but couldn't justify spending $20 more on a 1/4"" of rubber"
"the first one exploded when i accidentally reversed the polarity and the second i bought the switch to turn on the usb doesn't usually work with out being fliped back and forth a few times and sometimes even then needs pressure on it to stay on. the screw that holds the bracket together rusted and now i need to change it with a stainless one. cheap fixes but still a pain from a new product."
"I purchased these extenders for $26, I blieve and took them to Discount Tire to have them put on my dually motor home.  They had a difficult time putting them on.  After they installed them the tires leaked all the air and went down 20 pound of air pressure.  Luckily, while on my trip I notice the back drivers side tire was low. A Tire Company I took the motor home to check why the tire was low, took it off and showed me that the ends of the extensions were crushed and causing the problem.  They checked the tire by submerging it into a water tank and there was nothing wrong with the tire  Had them remove the extensions and didn't have any more problems on 4K mile trip."
"These did not work for my car, even though they are supposed to  be compatible. Be careful, and make sure you properly install them."
"I have a 2003 Chevrolet Tahoe and these backup bulbs will not fit into the sockets. This was a total waste of time and I returned them for a refund."
"I do not know how bright they are because they did not fit any light assembly on the car! Uhg!"
"These work as a 3156 backup light but not a 3157.  My 96 F350 needs 3157 for running, turn, and break lights.  These don't work.  I plugged them into my backup light 3156 and they did work."
"Installed one, then compared the brightness (at night).  Very lilttle if any difference between this bulb and the 4 year old OEM on he other side.  Dissapointed."
"Did't work the plugs were off set and the fuses will not plug into them.  Thanks to Amazon for refunding me my purchase price because all they did was take up room in my garbage can.  DO NOT BUY THESE unless you plan on throwing your money away."
"I waited for actual snow before writing this review, it's snowed about 3 inches so I unpackaged this unit donned my gloves and hat and set forth to clear my car. There are two clips on the unit where the handle is stored, unclipped the handle and adjusted for size. ( I have a small SUV) First setback was the units handle locking and unlocking system is tight and secure, really really tight and secure! After some grunting and twisting I got the thing set up. When tight, unlike the photo the scraper is at a 90 degree angle to the snow pusher ( more on this later). The foam snow pusher actually did a good job and cleared snow cleanly with no marring, it seemed to hold up to the usual edges and bumps from wipers, antennas, etc. and the length made the job quick.After snow removal I used the scraper end to get the light coat of ice off the windows. Because the foam pusher end is at 90 degrees to the scraper you end up trying to manage scraping with a wet 18 inch or so pusher end oriented up and down dripping icy water on you while trying to scrape horizontally. Trying to unlock the handle for storage with wet cold gloves was an exercise in frustration I managed it by sitting in my car for some leverage. Now I'm no weakling but I can't imagine a slightly built person or a lessor grip actually adjusting this thing on a cold dark wet icy morning with cold wet fingers. I was soaked by the time I was done.Overall, a good idea, but poor execution."
"Wiper came loose and allow arm to scratch wind shield. I even check several times to made sure wipers are attached securely. Lousy design."
"I removed the driver's side wiper blade from my pick-up. I was unable to install the ACDelco with any of the adapters that were furnished. I went to the Amazon web site and entered the information for my vehicle and the response was that this wiper blade was a match for my vehicle. So, it must be just me that can't get it installed and I need to try a different approach.I took my Frontier back to the Nissan dealer where I purchased the vehicle. I asked the dealer to install the wiper blade and while there go ahead and change the oil and rotate the tires. The dealer did the oil and tire thing as usual but was unable to get the ACDelco blade to work. I asked him to put my original blade back on, which he did, and I recycled the ACDelco.Against the advice I did look this gift horse in the mouth and it had no teeth."
"The wiper comes with several adapters, and you have to choose the one that's right for your car. Unfortunately for me, the one that's right for my car is HUGE... and very distracting.I noticed it right away, as soon as I sat in the driver's seat. It actually impinged on my vision just a little on the bottom of the windshield-- it had a higher profile than my other wiper (which I left on the passenger side for comparison purposes), and it was just distracting because of its bulbous shape. When I turned on the wipers, I actually felt like it was dangerous, because it was such a focal point that my eyes kept going to the adapter while I was driving in the rain... every time the wiper went by, I couldn't help but notice it again. Like a giant black bug or something-- you just can't NOT notice it. I hoped it would get more invisible to me as I got used to it and continued driving (it was a long drive home), but that didn't happen.It makes very good contact with the windshield and worked well, with no missed spots on the windshield. I'm guessing that if you needed any other adapter than the one I needed, you'd probably be fine-- but the one I needed just made it too much of an eyesore.I had already thrown out the old wiper, so I'm out of luck and need to buy another one now."
"These wipers require replacing the entire wiper component, not just the plastic part. So the first difficulty I ran into was figuring out how to get the original ones off, as this isn't even in my car manual. Had to google it to find out how to do it. Then to put the blades on, you have to figure out which adapter to use and how to snap it into place. The directions for this are ridiculously small and impossible to decipher, so it's pretty much a trial and error thing. Once I got it snapped on, I was able to put the blade on, and it seemed to work reasonably well enough for a couple weeks. That was, until I was driving in a slight drizzle, turned on my wipers, and I guess the window had some dry spots that caused the blade to stick a little bit and the connector just snapped off, sending the entire blade flying through the air. Thankfully it didn't hit anyone, or another car, or I could have had some real damages to pay. Luckily I saved the original wipers which went back on the car ASAP. These went into the garbage. I will note that my wipers use the J-style connector, and another reviewer mentioned a similar issue with their car and the same style connector, so it may be a particular issue with this one. However, I am just not sure I would trust these wipers and these connectors that aren't permanently attached to the wiper and prone to just snapping apart."
"These ACDelco wiper blades ship with multiple adapters so they will fit a variety of vehicles. The installation directions cryptic and virtually useless.  I wish I'd noticed the videos provided on the product page before I did my install.The adapters are bulky in size and are noticeably distracting in your field of vision when you're driving.  Furthermore, both the adapters and the blades are made of plastic similar to what you'd expect from a Chinese made dollar store toy.  The blades feel super flimsy and do not even have the strength to hold the wiper against the curve of the windshield from end to end.  The actual rubber wiper does a decent job, where it touches the glass.These blades come equipped with a wear indicator that is supposed to let you know when it is time to replace the blade.  I do not have any expectation that the blade will actually last long enough for that indicator to be needed.*This review applies to both of the two different lengths of blades I tested*"
"I was personally quite disappointed with this oil.  After getting my new bike and filling it with the other Castrol 4T Mineral based 4-stroke motorcycle oil, it ran smooth and shifted with little effort.But this synthetic stuff is just terrible in comparison.  Hard shifts, missed shifts.Just not for my 1 cylinder push rod 4 stroke 250cc wet clutch."
"This thing is so Bulky and Heavy and unbalanced.. I took it out of the box and put it back. This would be good for nothing more than taking off lug nuts once a year for a rotation. There are smaller, more powerful electric impact guns on the market that you can fit inside a wheel well let alone an engine compartment."
"Im very disappointed in this wrench. The 12 volt wrench like this is better...go figure! I just performed a strut job on my toyota and it had troubles breaking the bolts off and the 12 volt could break em. Im glad i decided to purchase the 12 volt version of this as well. The clicking of the 12 volt drives me nuts but at least i know them bolts or nuts are coming off. I guess this wrench needs more power or sum thin. Im not sure it just doesn't work well. Ik already i will be using the cheaper impact as its more handy because of its compact size compared to this and it just works better. I guess i will just keep it for backup. Good luck on who else decides to purchase this. Maybe you will have better luck!"
"I've been using microfiber towels for years. They are absolutely the best way to wash and wax your car. Before discovering the Heininger towels, I used the ""standard"" yellow ones. They do a good job and aren't very expensive. When I got the Heininger towels, I expected them to be very similar to the pile of microfiber wipes that I own. I couldn't be more wrong. These towels are actually different!I figured that microfiber is a commodity and that one brand is pretty much the same as another. This one isn't. The towels are noticeably thicker, softer, and more absorbent. One of these towels lasts as long as two of the others when I am drying the car. They wash clean on the permanent press washer cycle and dry on the ""warm"" setting on my electric dryer. At about $1.75 each, they are reasonably priced. Personally, I prefer the light colored towels that show any dirt picked up more easily. The dark ones tend to hide the dirt. A dirty towel can scratch your car's finish. Try these. They are absolutely great.NEW INFORMATION 5/16/2013Now that I have had these a while, some serious problems have emerged:1. These towels are not very absorbent. I have a couple of dozen of the basic ""yellow"" microfiber cloths. They soak up the water! I tried these and they didn't drink very much. I washed them and they still don't begin to compare with their competition. It took a while to learn this due to the very rainy weather here.2. They shrunk! The cloths started off being a nice size and very thick. After one wash they are now smaller than my old cloths.As a result of these issued, I have removed some stars."
"I use microfiber cloths almost exclusively for most household, garage and woodworking uses. From cleaning stove tops, car glass, windows, wiping dust off just sanded woodwork, etc. I currently have two other brands in house, both purchased in 36 packs so I welcomed the chance to test this product head to head in all the usual daily uses mentioned. Physically these are the same size, same make-up (80%-20%) and subjectively nearly the same knapp or feel to hand as the other products. They performed exactly the same both wet and dry, rinsed the same and dried in the same amount of time. Other than color, I could detect no difference. So why only 2 stars? These are nearly 4 times the price of the other brands tested per cloth.Make no mistake, these are top quality microfiber clothes, fluffy and not thin, do everything well and rinse easily. But so do the other brands and they do it much much less expensively."
"these micrfibres are meh for removing wax, make you work harder than you need to. I tried them out because they were a good price but I wouldn't buy them again. I also tried using them to quick-wax the car & it just seems to move the fluid around the paint, and doesn't take it off. it worked a bit better after I soaked them in Pinnacle Microfibre detergent, but I recommend the Meguiars X4014 10000000 times over these, you get what you pay for!"
"Unfortunately I was feeling cheap when I decided to replace all my bulbs. Now everything flickers. I feel like there is a disco going on when they are in use..  just pay a little extra for some quality, your not going to be happy for very long with these."
"Product worked for a week fine. After that the bluetooth would not pair, tried all codes and different devices but would not work. Don't buy."
"You have wait till its dark to know if these are on or not, cant see them at all in the daytime."
"I simply cannot recommend these for reverse bulbs. Both bulbs had MOST of the LED not working and they are no where near as bright as the factory bulbs...probably due to the led not lighting up."
"I really wonder about the good reviews this seat cover gets. The back part of the seat cover is made of women's panty hose. One of the ones I received was ripped out of the box. The front part you sit on is tough enough but its attached to nylon back same as panty hose I kid you not. $20 worth of aggravation is what you get. Mine is being returned at no cost thanks to Amazon. Really now, when I ask for canvas tough seat cover this is more like the seat cover for drug store cowboys. It won't last..It wont wear through though, it will just come apart the stitching. Its like stitching toilet paper to saddle leather, just not going work.Be careful installing, rips easy..  One of mine was ripped out of the box.I hope we didn't make this here in the USA, shame shame..-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------3rd time's a charm: June 11Continuation of the Dickie's Seat Cover Saga;I got another one in the mail today, IT RIPPED ALSO putting it on worse than the other one, that came ripped.No way these will hold up, sent them all three back two ripped and one very carefully re-boxed. This 3rd one did not rip at the panty hose material seem but right in the but area where the canvas is sewn together where you sit. Really bad Dickie's. I did not sit in it, happened during install ripped completely out.I WAS BEING CAREFUL installing; so there !Pretty good seat cover for all you DRUG STORE COWBOYS..Worth the $20 no..Poor Dickie's must be hurting.."
"This gauge is terrible.  It does not inflate well, the trigger pull is tiny, your hands will cramp up before something is inflated, even a soccer ball took minutes to inflate.  Trust me, view what other customers viewed after this item and try those. Pass on this, don't get suckered in by the low price."
"There are some confusing reviews for this product that made me curious enough to buy it. To clear up the confusion: this tire inflator does not readily work with Presta valves and it does not ship with an adapter, so you will have to get your own adapter. I am primarily using it for my bike tires that are rated 110 to 140psi - my compressor produces about 110 psi, maybe a bit more. Even though this inflator is only rated up to 100psi, I with the 200psi gauge this allows me to check and correct the tire pressure quickly.I tried the inflator with a car tire and noticed that the mechanism that clips it to the valve is a bit unusual (and flimsy/cheap). Air will escape unless the hose is held totally straight and there is no lateral force to the connection. This is a bit difficult to achieve. This is no different when I use it with the Presta adapter. I am not sure I would order this product again."
"They look fine for a few minutes after turning them on, but then they turn a very undesirable shade of purple-ish blue.  I ordered four (two packs of two) and all of them did this.  In contrast, the 42-SMD model works great.  I replaced all the bulbs in my camper with those (about 16 total), have been running them for hours, and they put out a much more pleasant white light.  The brightness of the 42-SMDs is about the same as the 68-SMDs anyway, if not a bit brighter."
"Weak implementation of a mediocre design."
"Smaller than expected, but pretty thin...noticing plenty of lint too.  I don't think they're worth the savings....I'd rather pay more and have a much better product."
"I was hoping for something that would easily and quickly remove water spots. While it will remove water spots that are very light, you can get the same or better results using a paste/liquid wax that has some built-in cleaning/polishing agents. The Meguiar's Water Spot Remover did not work on some water spots in one of our sinks and the water spots were fresh. I used a polishing/cleaner wax and was able to remove the water spots. I think Meguiar needs to spend more time at the company and less time out with his show. Lately I am finding that about 1/2 the Meguiar's products I buy are a waste of money and I can find a better product from a competitor. A few of Meguiar's products are really good, this is not one of them."
"Well this was a waste of time. I tried it twice and didn't get any better. And on the package it says &#34; Guaranteed to remove your oxidation or your money back. How can I get my money back? I don't know if I should try another brand."
"Ehhhh, what can I say, it's black paste.  There isn't a &#34;wow&#34; factor here and the instructions kind of scare me about getting it on anything but black paint.  So far not impressed.  It comes in a paste tube which cracks easy and allowed oil from the wax to leak out.  Appication is easy as usual and it gives a good decent darker shine.  Not what I would call a &#34;wet shine&#34;.  I think the idea here is that this will cover scratches or swirls on black paint; not what happens in reality.  Not feeling this one folks."
"I have been waxing cars for the better part of 35 years. Maybe it was just the car I used this on, but I was not impressed at all with this.The tech wax and number 7 glaze for sure worked better on my Mini. I found this hard to remove and it had a lot of smudges to it. I tried it by hand and also with a machine, still had poor results and will re do the car today. I am going to give it a try on another dark car  I have and see if it is any better, but for now this does not work for me, and I use almost all of Meguars products with no issues."
"I had this Cup Holder for about 2 weeks before the bolt that held the up came loose and my cup fell off. I was so mad. When you get it make sure every bolt is tight or you will loose it."
"Being that this only comes in one size that's a big downside. I hope to see 3M make other sizes available for bigger applications like most people  are doing. I installed this in the trunk of my vehicle and did not notice a big difference in road noise reduction. I think there are better alternatives. I've seen big mats and bigger rolls through other vendors online. Overall, unless this is just for around speakers I don't think this will fit many applications unless you want to buy a lot, but if you are buying a lot there are some other semi and custom products to fit your exact need."
"These sound proofing mats are extremely stiff. I wanted to use them in my vehicle's tailgate. I took the precaution of taking a hair dryer out to warm them up so they would fit securely since the flooring has some very wide grooves. Even with that these would not conform to the flooring, they lay on top.It would take several more purchases in order to cover the whole area; there are numerous other products out there that seem more reasonable in cost. With this partial coverage there is no difference in the sound level and I have no confidence that these will stay on with the constant loading and unloading of items, since they refuse to stick to the whole flooring, but just the tops of the wide  grooved surface - wish they would state that surface must be completely flat. It does show the mat bending to the curve and bumps of a door in their directions - sure didn't work for me."
"These are basically cheap made in China microfiber towels. Each one has a label on it in addition to edging, both of which I believe can scratch your paint.You are MUCH better of with edgeless higher quality microfiber towels."
"My car has little door for the port to plug in this one, but this guy is too big so I cannot close that door. Looking for smaller alternative."
"The picture shows white plastic bottles, I did not receive these. The picture of this product would make one beleieve that these are thick plastic bottles. The bottles that I received where not marked in any way to show that they are from chemical guys and they are clear plastic. The sprayers that were included with my bottles do not turn off when you tighten down the nozzle either."
"The green section is open cell foam like the dark gray foam, although a little denser, but being open cell, doesn't stop dressing chemical from soaking through to your fingers."
"What you want is a Blutooth version of this device, and an old Andriod device or cracked iphone to use the blutooth function.  FU Apple for .Connecting this using WiFi makes your phone useless. You will not be able to connect to the internet using your LTE if you have an iPhone, it tries to connect through the WiFi, which is connected to this device.I tried using Engine Link software, and was not happy with it. That did not sense my fuel tank and flow functions."
"I had some plans for this that included a Vanguard GAEMS portable gaming system (suitcase with a 19"" monitor in there that also mounts an Xbox or such inside for portable gaming).  The Xbox itself uses 175W, the monitor a fraction of that.  Yet this would power neither of them.  Not concurrently, nor individually.  Nada.I pulled my Harmony remote charging base in the car, tried that, and that would power, so I knew the inverter at least works, and isn't defective.USB charging worked for my tablets and my phone, although it's far more convenient for me to use my dual USB cigarette adapter for things like that, rather than the large box here.The other major complaint I had is the short cable for the cigarette lighter.  Give me something long enough to reach the back of my SUV where I'm more likely to have things set up that need AC power. The provided cable wasn't even long enough to reach from the center mounted dash cigarette jack to the armrest between the seats - a short straight shot.  I had just enough to reach to put the unit on one of the front seats, that was it.  And since not all vehicles have a rear mounted cigarette plug (something I think all auto makers should do) I have no else I can plug it in.Had it worked, I probably would've given it 4 stars, taking one off for the shot cord.  But since this 500W unit couldn't even power something at about 30W, let alone something that's only using 175W, it's completely useless."
"This is unbelievable, I thought I was buying from a reputable brand. This is my 2nd energizer (Or I guess Power Bright is their manufacturer) inverter. I got the 1st one earlier this week. It was returned the day it was received because one of the 120V wires coming off the main board hasn't attached, it had come off (It was holding on by 1 strand). The replacement came in today, first thing I checked was that wire through the grill slots, it was attached. Plugged it in to my car battery (via the attached clips), powered up just find. Attached a 50w LED work light (50 watts load at the plug, not 50 watts light output), worked just fine. Fan didn't power up. Attached a 175-200 watt load (my Dremel Rotary Tool, it pulls 1.5A (I've tested this with a DMM)) with the LED light. There was a sizable arc inside the unit. It continued to arc, followed quickly by a FIRE and a lot of smoke until I removed the positive terminal of the battery from it. Looked like a fool trying to blow through the fan opening to put it out, then quickly snapped a pic with my phone..unbelievable. This is suppose to have the usual safety circuitry built in , NONE of it worked as designed, it continued to short internally with my battery connected. This is a DANGER to anybody who uses it with high loads. I seriously question the engineering design and manufacturing if I had 1 dead on arrival and the 2nd caught on fire due to some internal fault (I'm not going to take it apart to see which component failed). Its totally unacceptable.Oh and if anybody says that dremel was too much for it. I've measured it pulling 1.55A at 110V (modified AC sin wave) from my Cobra 500watt power inverter I have permanently mounted in my car, you know the $25 dollar one on amazon right now. I use it on that thing frequently with no issues. I stepped up to energizer thinking it would be a good product, but the dirt cheap one that I've had a year or 2 works better."
"It works good just as most of the reviewers have said, but the one I got stunk very badly when I took it out of the box. The smell is similar to the smell that I have found on shoes, tools and other products that came from China (appears to be something in the plastic/glue they use). I'm a smoker so my smeller is not too good, but I can smell this thing from across the room. I'm surprised, because I read a lot of the reviews before I bought this thing and I don't remember anything about it smelling, so maybe I got a bad one. I've had this thing out of the box for several days now, but the smell is just as powerful as the day I opened the box for the 1st time. I'll be keeping it because it will be used mostly outdoors were it don't smell as badly, but I won't be buying another or recommending this thing!"
"This inverter is non-sinusoidal.  Basically, this makes it unfit for your expensive electronics like laptops.  I plugged my MacBook Pro AC adaptor/charger into this thing and it flashed my screen like a Christmas light.  I hope it's not damaged.It comes in one of those cursed welded plastic display hangers that you have to destroy to open.  That's ok though because I feel sorry for anyone that would buy this P.O.S. junk from China.  Live and learn."
"I was looking forward to reviewing this because we had such great luck usingRain-X 800002243-12PK Original Glass Treatment - 7 oz., (Pack of 12)on the same car for a cross-country drive last fall but had left the bottle at home.Superficially, the two products are similar. Both apply easily, and are easily wiped clear after drying.There, the similarities end. Although the Griot's Glass Sealant does help rainwater bead on the windshield, the beads are large, and don't easily move themselves out of the field of view. Rain-X, on the other hand, creates a myriad of extremely tiny rainwater beads that all immediately migrate off the windshield, making it unnecessary to even turn on the windshield wipers at highway speeds.We did notice e Griot's Glass Sealant helped smooth and quiet the motion of the windshield wipers during rain, but there was no chance of leaving the wipers off even in a light mist.I wonder if perhaps this Griot's product might be better suited for folks wanting a show car windshield to look its absolute best, as opposed to someone like me just looking for an equivalent of Rain-X."
"I could not stand the smell of this. I threw it out after having it in my car for 5 minutes"
"The mounting brackets for these lights SUCK. The lights are pretty bright but I have no use for it since I can't mount it nicely."
"First thing I tested was how bright it was next to a ""55 Watt regular halogen headlight"".  This LED was not even close.  Im guessing It might be half as bright.Problem:  I measured the Voltage and current at three voltage levels.  First 12.05V @1.34A that comes out to 16.147 Watts.  Next 12.92V @ 1.24A is 16.021 Watts.  Finally 22.6V 0.72A is 16.272 Watts.  The Voltages and Currents were measured at the same time for accuracy.  The built in DC-DC converter is probably about 90% efficient.  At 90% the LEDs are only getting about 14.645 Watts.  When I compared each LED in the bar by shining it 3 inches from several surfaces, the 2 on the left are dimmer than the others.  The far left LED is the dimmest.Some companies will run there LED's a little lower Voltage to prevent burnout and increase life but this means they are not as bright as they should be.Also the light was mostly white but had yellow areas in the spot.  The lense was scratched and there was glue on the lense and housing.  Mine may have been a refurbished model."
"I could not get a pair that matched or did not have some sort of quality issue I could not accept. First pair had one light that had the plastic wrap glued to the lens. (They are glued in) I returned one and ordered another. The replacement had a different fin count on the housing and did not match the one I kept. Returned both then placed an order for another pair. Received the second pair and inspected. The first one was perfect. The only one with a lens that was fully seated. Opened the second one only to find the lens at least 1/4 inch from seated in the housing. Just returned both. I'll try another style.I will admit the one I tested put out a strong beam and the price is cheap but the quality was too cheap for me to keep. I will agree with other reviews about the crappy bracket. The provided screws bottom out on the light housing before clamping the bracket to the housing. Also other reviews have mentioned about moisture in the light. I could definitely see this with the crappy way the lens is glued into the housing. This could be cured by adding sealer around the edge. Maybe super glue since that is what the mfg appears to use."
"I have an older Chevy Tahoe that is a work truck. It has developed a slightly rough idle and I had hoped this Royal Purple Max-Clean would help smooth it out. It had a tuneup not long ago with new spark plugs, rotor, wires, etc and that didn't make much difference either so I have to assume maybe dirty or sticky injectors. I expected some difference based on the claims made for this Royal Purple fuel system cleaner but It made no difference at all. I cannot detect any difference in how the truck idles or runs. I think I wasted my money. Maybe it works for certain other problems and might work for you but it is costly and no refunds if it doesn't work either."
"I love royal purple - but no difference - wish Castrol GTX still made theres, that was a difference!"
"First, let me start off by stating that this is an un-bias review, I purchased this product from amazon, unlike many of the Amazon Vine product reviewers.Being an automotive technician with an engineering background, I can not for the life of me recommend this product to the general consumer. Make no mistake, as others have claimed, the build quality of this Item is great, but aside from the rest of the reviews, there is one aspect I haven't seen covered that MUST be addressed:The output voltage is way too high for any automotive installation application. after installing the solar array, I decided to take some readings to see what kind of output I was receiving, before finishing the install.First sunny day of April, 74degrees, and located in TN:Voltage: 24.2v in direct sunlightAmpere: 0.3Most 12v systems recharge at a voltage range between 13.2-14.7v via the alternator, or battery charger, Hooking this device in with a 24v output (even at low amps) can cause the battery to over-charge, the ecu to throw an over-voltage check engine code, or even worse, fry the ECU.devices such as lawn mowers, trolling motors, four wheelers, tractors, etc, that may not use or monitor battery voltage may be better suited for use with this, although I would not recommend charging even those batteries at such a high voltage."
"I chose these sprayers for their chemical resistance. I used this acid wheel cleaner in it, which works very well for cleaning wheels. Since it's slightly acidic, I wanted a robust sprayer. This sprayer worked the first time, but when I tried to use it a week later, it was completely clogged. What a piece of crap for this price point."
"I purchased this for a cleanout plug at our local restaurant.  It was a simple PVC plug with a recessed fitting.  I thought this tool would be great since we couldn't get it open... I was wrong.  First, due to the fact that it was literally in the floor the tool needed to be manipulated and reshaped.  I did this by bending the plastic after heating it up first with a heat gun.  I allowed the plastic to cool for about 15 minutes assuring it wouldn't be soft.  Now that it had the right shape I inserted the end into the recessed fitting in the plug only to find that neither side was a great fit.  One end was way too large, the next was about right but due to rounded corners made the product slide out and essentially warp/strip the fitting.I believe at least one, if not both of the other reviews as of April 24th are BS reviews... I tried this on simple PVC, I couldn't imagine this thing opening a brass plug that has any tightness and perhaps even seizure to it.  I finally wound up getting it open since it was PVC by taking my 20.00 heat gun to it, softening the plug at the threads and prying it out with a flathead.  Which was so quick and easy I wish I did this in the first place!"
"Doesn't do what it promises. That sums it up. This isn't a cheap piece of electronics. I purchased this for ONE reason, which was CLAIMED by Superchips. The ability to turn off the TPMS. This piece of junk doesn't do that. Does it eliminate one electronic &#34;ping&#34; - yes. Was that worth $150? Hell no.They claimed they &#34;were working on it&#34; and it would be fixed. They haven't done so. If your jeep will still throw up the tire light - it doesn't solve the TPMS issue. I don't care about eliminating a single &#34;ping&#34; to the tune of $150.This was the worst purchase I have EVER made for my JK. Because it &#34;locks&#34; to your specific JK it isn't returnable to any store. Superchips should be ashamed they put this piece of trash out to market with the marketing they did. I am sure it does some things well - but if you are ADVERTISING a function that it doesn't have that is a SERIOUS PROBLEM."
"The trick to getting it to adhere and protect is indeed to spray it thicker than you think. However-when they say it &#34;lasts about one year&#34;, they mean it slowly degrades over time and looks like paint is peeling off."
"While I was looking for more Griot's Garage microfiber towels, I happen across these & I thought I'd give them  try.The pros:+ $13.61 with free shipping when I bought mine.+ Pretty good customer product reviews.+ Advertized as ""extra thick"".The cons:- Tags that need to be cutoff.- The ""silk banded edges"" are overly thick.  I prefer a thinner, hemmed edge.- Not as thick & fluffy as I expected.  In addition, these are fluffy on only ""ONE"" side?  This was a surprise!Closing thoughts:6 of these cost less than 3 Griot's Garage microfiber towels.  Having used Griot's Garage microfiber towels for years, they're better & as the old saying goes... ""you get what you pay for!""I'm not sure I'm even going to use these.  I think they're headed to the donation box..."
"These caps are designed for both 4&#34; and 4.5&#34; bumpers. But they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the others. There are 3 fingers that are supposed to grip the sides of the bumper, but it is just too tight for 4&#34; bumpers.  It would probably work OK for a 4.5&#34; bumper, but they need to make a version specifically for 4&#34; bumpers.This is unfortunate as Camco makes some neat and unique stuff for the RV'er, but this product could use a bit of refinement."
"I just purchased this kit. I went against my better judgement and didnt go with Kensun this time. BAD MISTAKE. The kit arrived and was packaged very nicely. It seemed like it was gonna be a great quality product. I prepared the vehicle for installation and when i went to plug the bulbs into the ballast harness, one of the wires just slid out of the connector. Poor connection. Figured no big deal, ill just try the other bulb in the ballast that was plugged in...Went to connect it, and then another wire came apart... Just tragic quality... Go figure, China... But this time its a garbage product from China. I have had great luck with Kensun. Their products are also Chinese, but HIGH QUALITY. Steer clear of this product!!! Look at and buy KENSUN products."
"My husband recently remodeled and painted a Mercedes Benz E320 for my winter vehicle. Since we live in Western New York where the winters are brutal. I thought this product would be helpful in keeping my newly painted hood in pristine condition. We followed the directions as directed and watched several videos over and over again because I did not want to make any mistakes. After the hood was pelted with snow, sleet and salt from the roads my hood looked cloudy and it looked like it had cracks. I was extremely disappointed. I was so upset because it worried me if my hood would even come back to its original condition before the 3M Paint Defender was applied.To remove this stuff was not an easy task. My husband ended up wet sanding the hood and then buffing it back to a high shine. I will never consider using this again. I might think about the ""clear bra film"" option, which is done by professionals and is said to last 5 to 7ears. The clear bra is more of a ""saranwrap"" fitted hard film instead of spraying on a finish on your car. Leave something like this to professionals who have experience in the field and know which brands and products are worth investing in."
"Let me make one thing perfectly clear. I have a very nice shiny black luxury car.  I thought I'd check this system out to see if it would help me keep my car shiny and protect the finish.  The simple answer is - yes it will protect it but you won't like the way it looks.  I tested this on a small part of my car's hood first and it was difficult to spray without dimpling.  Then, once the finish is on, it makes my shiny black car look like it is covered with gray film - not at all what I wanted.  I think this may just be a problem with shiny jet black cars and may be less visible on other colors.  I think it would protect the underlying finish but you just may not like the way it looks."
"I don't care how good you are if you are any sort of snob about things looking proper and or being done correctly, this product is not for you.I am one of those that usually here someone say something doesn't work and think well they probably did it wrong or in a rush.  This is not one of those times.I have a hunch this might work MUCH MUCH better on maybe a white car, but dark colors are definitely out of the question in my book.  That is one of the reasons I think there is a variance on people that like it and people that don't.  Another thing I think that I think is affecting the reviews are the age of the paint job its being applied too.  I am positive most are skipping having a truly clean and properly waxed car when applying this.Lucky for me I did not apply this to my own vehicle or I would not have been happy.  I have tried applying this to a hood that is stored in our garage because of what I read from other people.  Its a deeper red color.  This stuff never really disappeared.  I could see it on there.  Trying to clean it off was even worse.  I stopped trying.  Though I don't think that is a bad thing, it is meant to stay on there I guess.  Problem is if you no longer want it on there it will be a hassle.I really can't recommend this stuff.  I do think it might work better on car colors that typically don't show a lot of dirt like white or silver.  If your a perfectionist or have issue with the little things, this is really not for you."
"The prep process for this product requires a lot of attention and focus.  I had the impression that this stuff would be pretty straightforward to apply, and I suppose it is, but it takes more work than I anticipated.The results didn't really match my expectations either, unfortunately.  The product isn't quite as clear as advertised and isn't as durable either.Look, perhaps under perfect conditions you can get the results they promise.  My real world experience was different."
"I was really looking forward to putting this on my truck.  You have to apply it in 'warmer' weather (65+ if I recall) so make sure to plan accordingly.In the end, there's a LOT to do to try to get this right.  I didn't get it 'right' the first time, but was able to reset.  Likewise, a kit doesn't cover much.  It's basically good for a front bra, but you'd need quite a few to, say, cover the hood.There's also a ton of prep work, but that's kind of to be expected.I probably won't use this again.  It does work, but it's such a pain that I'd rather just take it to a shop, pay a bit more to have someone else do it, and have a bit more confidence in the application.I received this from the manufacturer for testing and review and have shared my honest experience in this review."
"This stuff is difficult to apply, near impossible to remove and doesn't leave a good finish.  Stick with regular wax.  You'll get a better, longer lasting finish with much less work."
"I applied this with the help of a mechanic in his shop to my fairly new Mercedes. I was hoping it would work wonders since I put on tons of miles in Florida. It looked terrible. There are better options out there and I will not be applying this to my other vehicles. Too much time is involved and the results are not impressive."
"After reading the reviews I decided to try this out on a painted (powder coat) basketball pole following all the directions exactly as recommended. It looked terrible and like everyone else is reporting, it will not come off. I'm very happy I did not put this on my car. Don't do it, folks. And don't come back here to complain if you do. You've been warned."
"I'm a car buff and do most of my own mechanical work and all my own detailing.  We have a fairly new Accord, (1 year old) that I thought it might be nice to protect the front bumper on.  I'm familiar with the 3M clear bra system from professionals and it is very, very good but expensive.  So here comes what I think is the same product in a DIY format.First, you need to really prepare the surface for this product.  Not just wash the car but wash, clay, machine clean, polish (but NOT wax) and make sure it is absolutely baby butt smooth and that there is no dirt or debris residing on the surface.  However, even after doing all this, I still had dust on the surface by time I masked off the rest of the front end.  So my first attempt was way less then perfect so I thought I'll just peel it off and try again - wrong!  The easy peel nature of this product is a fiction - it's a mess to remove and will try your patience.I threw the rest of the product away and figured if I really wanted the protection, I'd go to the professionals and pay $300 for a 3M clear bra treatment which I understand is very, very good and very durable.  Some things are just better left to the professionals and this falls squarely into that category for me."
"Absorbs great, but does not leave car spot free. I will use this until i find something a lot better.12-24-2013: It's been about two and a half months now, and this product absorbs worse than a Kleenex. I wipe, wring it out, wipe, repeat, and it looks as if it just rained on my car. I've always used leather chamois in the past with no issues, and now I am suffering from buyer's remorse."
"This product isn't much better than a bucket of water.  If you car is relatively &#34;clean&#34; before you use this product then I can maybe see using it.  For any amount of dirt on the car beyond that it's not worth using because the water gets dirty too fast and begins to eliminate the ability to take more dirt off the car.  You end up moving dirt around on the car with a dirty cloth and dirty water.  Think micro scratches on your clear coat if you have a newer car."
"What else can I say?  It is DOA.  Tried with GPS, tried with Phone, tried different cables and didn't work."
"Maybe I'm a perfectionist (no I'm reslly not) or I'm just a klutz (a real possibility) but I have never been able to get good results with anything that was supposed to keep my work area clean.  This sanding kit is no exception.  I had a nice little job lined up for it - pulling out, filling and sanding the dent that I put in the rear of my Honda CRV.  Frankly, I gave up trying to use the kit to smooth out the Bondo and went ""unprotected"" - it was just so much easier and faster that way."
"Does it work?  Yes, but does it work well enough to make a huge difference in how you go about a sanding project - no.What you get.  A sanding pad to hold specially made disks, a funky looking funnel thing and a length of cheap, light, flexible hose.  You are supposed to put these three things together and let me tell you, it is a pain to do.  The hose struggles to make a connection with the grip because the plug end is slightly too big and you really have to work to get it on.  At the other end, you have a different problem... the hose is slightly too big to make a secure connection and it easily dislodges.  It was like a guy found this stuff lying around and said ""hey - look what I can make out of these three things!"".Once you get it together, you can not secure it to the vacuum unless it is already running.  Okay - I can live with that but it is still kind of a kludge design.  Get it all hooked up and running and the hose shortens right up and loses much of its flexibility.On the working and, it is sucking up dust pretty well, but it is a pain to work with all these limitations in the design.  I find myself ditching this contraption and grabbing good old sandpaper.Then when I am done - I have to clean this thing up and find a place to keep it.Bottom line is - I will hold on to this... for now but I suspect that this will end up in the trash at some point.  I certainly would not recommend buying it.  It is not worth it."
"Have to say I hate the way both of these smell...The new car smells like burned electronics and makes me feel sick...The leather, well it is leather like... but more like old worn slightly moldy smelling leather..In fact it does smell very much like a pair of 20 year old boots I have that has been half-soled countless times... It's a comforting smell in an old boot.. not so much the car..."
"This Automatic outfit suks big time. I went to the Jeep dealer to get the link plugged in just to make sure everything was right. On the side of the box containing the link is a statement ""Download the free Automatic app to get started"". I went to automatic.com/apps web site and nowhere could I find a download command for any app. I kept getting shuffled back and forth to Apple but could not find an app there either. They have an alleged capability to ask a question.  That got me another serious runaround and no answer. This web site must have been designed and built by a Chimp. This whole operation is the most amateurish I have ever seen. I called in some neighbors to see if they could make some sense of this but to no avail. I will readily admit that I may be overlooking the obvious but I am not the only one. If anyone knows how to get this link thingy to work please fill me in. Do I need to d/l an app or not? If yes, then how? The way it is now it is not working and I see no connection to my iPhone.."
"Automatic is the ""Smart Driving Assistant"" that is supposed to help you be a more efficient driver by monitoring your driving quality and telling you how to improve.  In short, this is the most expensive ODB II code reader you will find that has such a limited set of features.  I understand what they are trying to do (keep it simple), and overall, it does work as advertised.  I was hoping there was more ""under the hood"" and discovered that it is really quite limited.In the box, you get the white Automatic ODB II code reader dongle.  If you've never seen this connector, it is likely under the dashboard of your car.  There isn't much else in the box other than a nice little ""A"" sticker you can put on your window to let everyone know you've got the cool new Automatic in your car.  You will also need the iPhone app called ""Automatic"" and an iPhone 4S or later.  The reason this won't work on an iPhone 4 or earlier is because it uses low-power Bluetooth, a protocol not supported on the earlier iPhones.  Unlike a bluetooth headset, you don't need to pair this with your iPhone.  With the new protocol, it just works.I installed the Automatic app on my iPhone 5S.  First, it was a little disappointing that it requires me to give my name, e-mail address, and create an account/login to their site to use the app.  There goes privacy right there.  Why can't it just tell me how I am driving without requiring me to be registered on their site?When I first plugged Automatic into my car, I got a nice beep from the device itself to let me know it was plugged in.  The Automatic app on my iPhone (now that I was registered) failed to find the device.  I tried to plug and unplug a few times, but eventually I force-closed the app (double click the home button on the iPhone and throw away the app), and re-launched it.  On re-launch, it found my dongle.Once in the app, it is fairly simple.  When you drive your car, it will alert you if you do one of three bad things - hit the brakes hard, drive over 70, or have a hard acceleration.  If that happens, a small sound will play and your ""driver score"" will get dinged.  When you stop the car, it will record your distance, MPG, and a rough estimate of the cost of that trip based on current gas prices.  It also will maintain a cumulative driver score.  The nice part about the app is that it essentially provides you a log of your drives while it runs in the background of the iPhone, so you can look back on your driving history.There is also an engine status page where you can see the status of the engine and read any codes that may be thrown.  If your car has a check engine light, it can advise you what is wrong.  A problem with the vapor recovery system might require tightening the gas cap.  Yes, this can save you a trip to the mechanic, but I'm not sure how many other codes are that simple.So why only 3 stars?First, I was hoping that the driving statistics would be more meaningful.  How about a graph of my acceleration over the trip, car efficiency, oxygen sensors, etc?  In fact, none of the internal sensors are brought out so I can view them, much less logged over time.  All of this data is aggregated into my driver score.  I can buy a reader for my car that costs less than this and will link with my laptop to provide live car readouts.  I get that this isn't their target market, but they are charging a lot more for this than their competition.  It's ""just software"", so why not provide an ""advanced"" screen with live engine status readouts?  Why not log speed data?  It just doesn't do that much.Second, there are plenty of highways where the speed limit is above 70.  Why not let me customize this limit?  This device is not going to be useful in places with higher speed limits.Third, I didn't mention it in my review, but there is a Crash assist feature that I am dubious about.  It says it will get me assistance in case of a crash using an accelerometer in the device.  Why not use the accelerometer in my car, or use airbag deployment as a proxy?  How do I know if it is tuned right?  Will an accidental kick set it off?  And who monitors the crash system?  My home alarm system is monitored by a UL approved monitoring company.  General Motors has OnStar.  I have no idea what sort of back-end system Automatic has monitoring crash alerts and what kind of load it can handle.  Not to mention - they don't know my cell phone number.  If I am in a crash, how will the police contact me?  How will I let them know it's a false alarm?  The app and website are really sparse on this data.So conclusion?  In short, it does work.  If your check engine light is on, it will tell you the code and let you reset it, but a $15 reader will do that.  It will alert you if you make 3 driving errors (accelerate too fast, drive too fast, or brake too suddenly), but even then, the ""drive too fast"" won't let you customize it for the road.Based on the data they've given me so far, I have little confidence in Crash Alert (it even says ""Beta""), and I am sorely disappointed that for $100, I can't view engine status, sensors, or anything else in my car.  At the very least, allow me to log acceleration data on the drive.3 stars - the hardware seems to work, but the software has a long way to go to justify the price.UPDATE:After using this for 2 weeks, going on a long car trip, and driving through a congested city, I am updating this to 2 stars as I am removing it from my car and putting it away until Automatic releases a serious software update.  It is beyond useless.  I drove down I-95 to Richmond where the speed limit is 70.  As soon as I hit the speed limit, it started beeping at me - very distracting while driving.  As I said before, if you can't even drive the speed limit without getting your driver score dinged, what is the point?  I also had a car in front of me stop short.  I slammed my brakes and got beeped at again.  I don't know what the folks at Automatic expect me to do when a sudden obstacle is in front of my car, but I fear the beeping alarm could cause me to get startled and have a real accident.My hopes for this device were that it would be like the Prius in terms of driver feedback.  I don't own one, but I've driven one and noticed the live readout of your MPG.  You learn to slowly apply the accelerator and how exactly to drive to maximize fuel economy.  It is a live readout of everything.  That is what Automatic could have done - live readouts during a drive.  Instead, I get a binary decision on 3 factors.  Two of those factors can be violated for normal reasons that have nothing to do with bad driving habits, and the distracting alarm could cause a real accident.  The only feedback I get during a drive itself is a rotating icon that lets me know a drive is in progress.  Seriously?  No other live display?Meanwhile, by hiding all engine sensor data, there are real things like dirty air filters and low tire pressure that could be reported and could really help fuel economy.  But Automatic ignores this data from the car computer.Seriously, I do not recommend this device."
"This product does exactly what it says it does.  I plugged it into the OBD-II port on my 2004 BMW M3 and it linked up to my iPhone 5.  Took three tries, but it worked.Problem 1 - (Unavoidable) - it requires you to leave a doggle plugged into your OBD-II port.  My port is just above my clutch pedal and there is a little door that swings down when the doggle is plugged in.  This causes my foot to bang into the open OBD-II port door when I use the clutch.  This is unacceptable to me.  I guess I could rip off the door.Problem 2 - The doggle emits a tone whenever a threshold is reached - either speed, acceleration, or breaking.  The tone cannot be turned off.  It comes from the doggle, not the iphone.Problem 3 - You cannot adjust the thresholds.  For example, it emits a tone when you exceed 70 mph. This is ridiculous.  Everyone drives over 70 mph.  Even my 94 year old grandmother.  Everyone.  The acceleration and breaking tones are similarly set with very low thresholds.  The inability to adjust the thresholds (coupled with the inability to turn off the incessant tones) will lead me to remove this from my car.Problem 4 - It strives to tell you how much each trip costs you, but does not give you the ability to input the price of gas.  This makes the readout completely unreliable.The whole point of this seems to be to prompt your to get better mileage.  (There is also a function to send a text message if you are in a major crash.  Presumably that means the airbags deploy.)  It is a giant nag and the inability to customize any of the thresholds makes it pretty useless to me.  It was constantly beeping at me.  After three days of driving with it, I have learned to simply ignore the tones.  That defeats the purpose.UPDATE: After leaving this attached to my car for two days of non-use I have a dead battery.  Never had a dead battery before in this car and often leave it for a week or more without use, so I am blaming this device."
"I love techno gadgets, but this is a $100.00 dollar toy, and nothing more. The features are very limited on the device, and most of them I already have on my car since it only a couple years old. This was fun to play with for one day, but then I was over it. If you're really a gearhead, you might get a little more entertainment from it, but I doubt it. Save your money."
"The Zubie has so much potential. Just think about all the other behaviors that when monitored and tracked, improve results.- Fitness- Diet- Relationships- Programs...the list goes on. So why wouldn't you want to know about your car and driving habits?  The unit plugs neatly into the cpu/scanner port in the car. In our Volvo it's right next to the hood release lever. Installation was literally a snap. It locked on and activated within a short drive around the neighborhood, and immediately began compiling results. I will say that a lot of the results are kind of duplicative of most modern day onboard systems. If your car has a mileage computer and nav, a lof of stuff is being done for you already, although perhaps not displayed in such a neat rolled up dashboard fashion.Should you pay $99/year for this? The only glimmer of a possibility is if you have money to burn and a teenaged driver you want to monitor.Personally I hate modern conveniences that require subscription fees. GPS with realtime traffic? Locating devices? What is the value-added here that justifies shelling out a big chunk of change?  Will you save $99 in car insurance premiums for becoming safer driver, gas fill ups from driving more efficiently?...that's a leap of faith. When you add in the murky aspect of not knowing what/why/how your personal driving info will be used, it seems to me that this is a bad buy. If it were a one time $99 fee, I'd reconsider...but annually? Thanks but no thanks."
"I'm glad I read the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use BEFORE I tried installing this Key and app.  First off, updates to the privacy policy are only announced on the Privacy Policy page ([...]), along with the date those changes were made.  Zubie doesn't send out e-mails if they make the Privacy Policy even more intrusive than it already is.  Here are some of the ""highlights"":* Zubie can collect the the location of your car AND cell phone, including when the primary driver is within 500 feet of your car;* Zubie collects your Facebook profile, including friends and their contact information (for the purpose of sending them Zubie ads);* at the end of your contract, your credit card is automatically charged again, presumably with no reminder or notice;* all this information will be given when Zubie is presented with ""lawful"" requests from government agencies (no mention of subpoenas or court orders required from said government agencies -- which begs the question, does the NSA have stock in the company?);* Zubie can sell your information to third party vendors or partners, including advertisers;* this one is copied and pasted directly from Section 10 of Zubie's Terms of Use (I couldn't make this up if I tried, and the all-caps are by Zubie, not me) -- ""THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL MATERIALS AND SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, ARE PROVIDED ON AN &#8220;AS IS&#8221; AND &#8220;AS AVAILABLE&#8221; BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THE WARRANTY OF NON&#8209;INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (b) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR&#8209;FREE, (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE EFFECTIVE, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR INFORMATION PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SERVICE FROM US OR OUR AFFILIATES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR BE FREE FROM MISTAKES, ERRORS OR DEFECTS.""If you're willing to sign away all the above rights (and more), check to make sure the device will work in your area.  The Zubie Key uses T-Mobile cellular service.  When I asked Zubie, they said: ""The coverage actually looks good. Both are showing Good or Excellent coverage for the Zubie device. Zubie does offer a a 30 day return policy as well.""When checking with the T-Mobile coverage map, it showed my area (and at least 20 miles around my town) does NOT have coverage.  Since I wasn't willing to sign away my privacy rights, I never installed the Zubie, but I do have more faith in the T-Mobile coverage map than Zubie's promises, given the denial of warranty on their Terms of Use, in Section 10."
"I have already been testing a similar device,Automatic Link Smart Driving Assistantbut there were some things I didn't care for with that device so when Vine offered me the Zubie, I was definitely interested to try it out. However, at a very expensive $99/year subscription price, it's pretty hard for me to recommend this over the Automatic, which does not come with a similar requirement for use. Other reviewers have talked about the privacy concerns, and it seems that this device really would only be worth considering if you are a parent wishing to track the driving habits of your teenage driver. While this device does have some clear benefits over others, such as tracking your activity even when you don't have the app running, the cost of enrollment is just WAY too much for what I get with it when there are other similar devices that don't come with the same requirement."
"I've been with Amazon since they were just selling books and I've been reading reviews for a very long time. In fact, I've read enough reviews over the years to become suspicious of the validity of some if warranted. That said, I am highly suspicious of many of the five star ratings this device is receiving and it gives me pause.That said, I received this device not completely knowing what I was getting. There are several devices out there that do the same thing without a subscription ($99 a year? Are you kidding me?) and without the privacy issues this device seems to be famous for. I carefully read all their online documentation. Some folks may care less about privacy and that's fine. I'm not overly concerned about it myself but after reading their documentation there's no way I'm signing on for this or paying them $99 for their service.If you don't mind them tracking you and storing all your information, and you don't mind paying them $99 a year to do that, and you don't mind who else receives that information, then go ahead and jump in. I'm not."
"This product smells nothing like &#34;New car&#34; but is not unpleasant. The freshness only lasts a few days. My chief complaint about this is that it is not so much an odor eliminator but more of a sense of smell eliminator.After using the product as directed and getting using the vehicle the next day I noticed that the tip of my tongue was numb and that my sense of smell was diminished while in the car and for a couple of minutes after leaving the car. I cross checked this by blind testing my wife and a friend of mine and they both had the same numbness/deadening on their tongues and reduced sense of smell.I use Meguiars products frequently and love the non-aerosol spray odor eliminator and will continue the use of that product but never again will I use this product."
"I'm a pretty big fan of Meguairs products. I jumped on this one as soon as I saw it available. It's easy to use and does the job. Problem? The after smell of the product is less than favorable. It's VERY strong and while it's not terrible, it's far from pleasant. If they got a better fragrance I'd be willing to try that one. This &#34;new car&#34; smell is far from it and far from good."
"OK, what marketing guys dreamed this stuff up?  There are many wheel cleaners on the market, from all the usual suspects. The best manage to remove brake dust and other grunge pretty effectively, with a bit of scrubbing, and do it without harming clear coat and other alloy wheel finishes. The key is to get the job done but do no harm. The best seem to be the cleaners from armor all and, above all else, sonax and p21s.For starters, this Dub stuff smells downright weird, like cheap perfume and tropical fruit cocktails from a 1980s fern bar. Then there is the color gimmick. Whats with that?  I definitely do not want my recently refinished alloys to turn technicolor green and red while Im washing my car. And then the litany of warnings, which all do make me wonder how gentle this stuff will be and what damage it will do if used regularly a couple of times a week.And the results?  On stubbornly grimy wheels, not on par with the top three, named above, not by a long shot.The verdict: one star for creativity - albeit misguided. Another star for results. I know of no good reason to buy this product beyond curiosity about a multicolored pina colada scented wheel cleaner. What the heck?"
"This has a terrible smell that really lingers awhile.  It goes on green and turns rust red after about 5 minutes.  Then you wash it all off.  It worked well on my wheels to remove the surface dirt and brake dust without scrubbing - but I would have gotten the same effect with a light scrubbing with a wheel brush.  It did nothing to remove small bits of road tar - but they came off easily with a light brushing.  No damage, but not really worth the effort."
"WARNING AGAIN....BURGUNDY COLOR RUNS...WASH OUT BY HAND AS IT WILL TAKE MANY, MANY WASHES TO GET THE RED OUT!NOT WORTH IT!!Have been a big fan of Zwipes for some time.Am on my second bulk package of Zwipes regular microfiber cloths in pastel colors.  Purchased them at Amazon...48 Zwipes for under $23!Price and color wise this is the way to go.These burgundy waffle weave Zwipes are targeted for stemware.  They did a fine job on glassware, mirrors and computer screens in our home.I also find the regular Zwipe to be just as effective, especially when new.When I purchase any Zwipes, I designate half the colors for water and windex cleaning, and the other half for polishing with waxes etc.Machine wash with no fabric softener and you are cleaning well and saving the environment."
"Knowing that red items might bleed, I decided to put the towels in a sink-full of water to see what happened. Oh, my gosh, these towels faded badly. I left them soak a while, wrung them out, added more hot water & let them soak again...they faded more. I repeated this process one more time, then wrung the towels out & let them dry. I decided to handwash a couple of them, so I soaped them up & ran hot water on them. I couldn't believe that the water was even redder than before. I'm wondering if they'll ever stop fading.The two I handwashed were used for general house cleaning. They did a good job dusting, absorbing water & keeping surfaces lint free. I will dedicate some for glassware use but might bleach them to hopefully stop the color bleed.Because of their waffle weave texture, the towels measure about 1/2"" shorter all the way around than advertised.  They can be stretched to the advertised size.Zwipes Waffle Weave towels perform like microfiber should, but I cannot recommend the burgundy color."
"Most basically, these are microfiber towels, so there's no much to say. They are small, thing, absorb liquid, etc. I didn't find any features that make them particularly notable. The price is okay for a six pack, but the frayed edges let you know that these are fairly cheaply manufactured.I use these for drying, so it's not like the color rubs off; however, if you soak these, they will bleed into the water. It's best to wash these in the sink if you don't want your laundry to end up vaguely burgundy colored.These towels are fine, but not great. The fact that I have to wash them separately is supremely annoying. I'd look elsewhere if you're in the market for a microfiber towel."
"This Zwipes set comes with very nice squeegee-style blade as well as a single hand towel.  The blade does a great job of getting most of the water off of my car.  It is soft enough that I don't worry about damage to my paint.  It removes water in streak-free fashion and then you're ready to finish up with the towel.The towel isn't so stellar.  It didn't seem to hold much water, and, more importantly, it left blue fuzz on my car.  Small pills of fuzz appeared after every few wipes.  When I got done, my clean car was dotted with little blue pieces of the towel.  I guess I'll have to get out the blower and blow them away.While I give thumbs up to the squeegee, any towel that leaves a mess on my car isn't something I'd buy again."
"very thin material. not very warm at all.. barley breaks the wind and on a cold day is pretty much useless.. not for winter sports"
"OK, I have to admit, the price of this item did not have my expectations unfairly high.  It is a straight tube neck/face cover with a whimsical lower skull image on both front and back.  Material is stretchy and easily pulls up over the face.  However the material does not &#34;breath&#34; very well and condensation from your breath builds up moisture on your face and will steam up glasses if you wear them (even sunglasses and open goggles).  There is no hem around either end of the tube (guess a strecthy thread was not considered) and the material has started to fray a bit.  For the price, this is a cute novelty item, but not what I really need it for.  I have spent a few  more bucks on a better quality one and awaiting that one to see if it works better with the condensation issue.  As for THIS seller; be aware that this is an INTERNATIONAL ORDER (China I suspect) although it is not listed in the posting.  This equated to a very delayed delivery date (exceeded the estimated delivery date considerably).  If you want a &#34;novelty&#34; item that you aren't going to wear long, this one is OK.  If you want one you can wear for wind and cold protection without a lot of condensation building up on your face, spend a few bucks for a better one."
"i would not buy thi product again it doe what it should but if i had to do it again i would just stick with detal microfib towel from vikingcobra"
"bought thi for my spare tire on my util trailer veri inexpen cheap flimsi and loo fit seem like it can be broken off easili will probabl end up get a cabl lock thi devic doesnt realli give me a sen of secur i suppo for on five buck you get what you pay for"
"the size measur provid are a bit disingenu the funnel is 10 long but the section that compri the tubular section is on 6 long it state that the funnel is 4 x 4 but in realiti the open for the funnel is 214 in diamet at the widest pointit would work to put a quart contain of a liquid into someth but for ani larger contain it is go to be worthless"
"i am use thi on a curt receiv and the length is perfect it appear to be of high qualiti construct with a bit if weight to it and thi design prevent ani rattl on bumpi road my on complaint is that it get rust buildup insid the lock mechan after a few month so you need to clean it periodicallyupdatea great deal of dirt ha found it way into the lock mechan so i guess the fit is not secur like it should be also it is now rust which i find a bit odd in all stainless construct i see the head design ha chang base on the new pictur here so mayb the issu is fix now"
"i am a car rv detail guy my car and rv must be shine new all the time i thought i had found the best shine wax protect use an rv wax call protect with uv inhibitor in it prior to tri thi flagship wax and use it for year and it did the job and noth el on the market so i thought wa go to top it for fiberglass i use mcguir fiberglass restor and that did the most amaz remov of oxid on an older rv i restor back to new so i knew it had to be good and tri iti ad revi review to end of origin review on thi pagewel after appli thi flagship wax to my alreadi clean and shini rv it took the shine to a whole higher level 1st off it doe go on easi onc on it stay kind of moist like but dri soft like but it come off nice then i follow with 2nd dri cloth to make sure it complet off and shini and it doe come off easi and it doe clean finish up leav a nice shini glaze surfac but you need to chang up rag often becaus it cake and smear if you donti read review on amazon which entic me to give it a tri one said dont let dri ani longer then 3 min and bottl claim same thi is veri true i am so plea at resultsth biggest improv wa the nice gold paint bottom of the motorhom where the paint look good befor but now the paint look glaze shini and rich like i never wa abl to get thi high a shine befor it also doe not cling to plastic window or rubber everyth it touch it come off of leav a high shine on it so i use it on everythingnow thi is my revi review as of august 2013 after use thi and like it at 1st i found it will continu to bead but water streak seem to stick and stay on wax surfac on fiberglass even wash wont remov them easi so i went back to use protect on my rv it shine as well but also the water streak are minim after a rain and wash off easieri also find the protect brand wax to last long and come off cleaner after appli wax leav a cleaner shinemak it far easier to do a big rv in less time then flagship wax i found flagship to be caki thick and harder to remov and have to constant get fresh rag to make it easi to get offso we tri it like it at first but then a week or so later found the flagship to not be as good as what i use for year in the protect brand i love mcguir product most time"
"i use thi for a while though hollow plastic i felt it wa design to hold a camper from roll and it did one day i forgot to remov it when pull out and it seem to take veri littl pressur move forward to flatten it like a pan cake so i though my 50000 invest may be better serv with a heavi duti galvan wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistak and let me know it hold solid if i ever did again roll forward over it"
"on fair not veri durabl and do not fulli secur the trailer spend the extra and get the xblock and or the fastaway we now use both fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in"
"the 34feet34 on thi bar slide off the truck bed side and make it worthlesswhen the ratchet is extend the mechan for that end up out of arm reach when stand outsid the truck"
"bit of a let down here from all the review i thought mayb my search for the perfect nozzl would come to an end it didnt the sequenc of spray pattern on thi nozzl is not what you are use to sure it ha a uniqu abil to produc a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect but when switch between pattern it pass most through variou stream of concentr water that dench anyth in it way if you are tri not to splatter mud creat crater or wash away fesh plant seed thi is not your nozzl mayb it make more sen on car"
"you are better off go to your local depart store and buy the craftsman brand nozzl instead it is ident to thi one except the green part is silver and it come with a lifetim replac guarant unlik thi bonair one it also about the same pricethat said i prefer a trigger type nozzl becaus to turn thi off you have to rotat it sever revolut and then it doesnt rememb the spray set you were at thi type of nozzl may be good if your hold it for a long period of time water your garden or someth like that but for wash your car when you on turn the water on period it doesnt work as well as a trigger type hose nozzl"
"when look at these product simpli calcul the actual cost per squar foot for exampl thisspeak kit contain 138 squar feet for around 22 buckspric fluxuat like it a stock or somethingcan u think of anyth that worth 15 dollar a squar foot there are so mani cheaper altern dynamat is an awsom product and it doe work but for those of us not made of money search thi butyl flash tape u will be glad u did"
"i return becaus it is just too much work to instal and i find it hard to believ they would make much differ"
"doe not make a notic enough differ in sound qualiti to justifi it cost i instal it insid of my door use the roller and lot of elbow grea all part of the dynamat that i instal have good contact with the metal i would return thi but it is stuck to my car door"
"youd better trust your jack stand if you have ani intent of get under your cari thought these were a good option but i chang my mind after receiv themfor whatev reason justifi or not i felt uneasi see how much they rattlei decid to take my car to the mechan and end up never use them i forgot to return them and then it wa too lateso two star becaus they do not inspir me ani confid"
"the first time i use it out of the box one stand neck is broken i decid thi brand is the one i should avoid and let my friend know it"
"bad product wrong weld it on weld insid but not out sideso is not recomend to use it under car plea dont make my mistak is not weld rightthi item have to be weld in both side insid and out site not on insideth pin or second safeti pin is not good at all it move and doe not hold the post right it like noth so doe not make sen to have it torin want to send it back everi year for annual inspectionbut they dont pay for sh thi shoul be 1 ton not 3 ton with thi weld formmi item look use not new look like some one use it and return and then they sent them to me the up drop it to the floor caus i have a gate so be awar of up they dont care if they brake it"
"fram ha a horrif histori of manufactur oil filter that fail their filter leak and do a poor job at filter impur there are websit devot to discuss oil and oil filter and fram product are near univ critic and avoid there are also video onlin that investig fram oil filter and they are near all univ negativepurol wix napa mann mahl are some qualiti filter fram are the worst filter and you are risk harm your bike"
"thi devic attach secur to the tow vehicl but at a costthey are cumbersom to attach and detach with sever move part and the potenti to scratch the tow vehicl paint dure either process if you dont have three hand availableto attain the secur vibrat free fit you must crank down on the ratchet web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attach to the window channel it also deform the rubber window sealfoam pad protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwi rub on the bodi but if the area isnt meticul clean beforehand i can see where it would dull the paint over timebecaus of the metal claw part that fit into the window channel rai and lower the window caus a screech sound on my driver side windowfin when they are detach from the door they make for a veri bulki awkward devic that doesnt store conveni or compact in the vehicleim send them back"
"thi is a piec of junk the strap stretch the plastic clip slip off while tighten and the dam thing fall off while drive tri to get the type that slide over the exist mirror and have a plastic screw in the back to hold it on they do work well"
"1 the view surfac of the 8 inch mirror is exact 75 inch wide and 225 inch high2 i tri adjust of the mirror without mount it the ball joint on the mirror arm are so tight that adjust is extrem difficult to near imposs wd40 did not work neither did work the joint around to loosen them up3 so if you tri to adjust the mirror after it mount you risk stress the mount button glue and the button may fall off4 when adjust the mirror the daynight button kept flip onoff veri annoying5 the mirror surfac itself is veri good no rippl"
"i gave these thing a 2 star rate becaus we have 8 set of them instal on our counti patrol car not sure what the issu is but the bulb are burn out at a pretti often rate i just had one offic tell me both hi light burnt out last night 01232014 mayb the 130 watt bulb is just get too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulb within a year time hope kc read thi and can do someth about that issu other than that they are a great power light that reach out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you be safe and mayb look for anoth type of light that will give you longer servic life befor you spend the money on these"
"i use it on decentlook leather seat of a 2003 toyota siennai bought both the cleaner and the condit and use them as describ even if they did what they are suppo to do i did not realiz that it ha not made a differ appearancewisehop the treatment will help keep them aliv longer do i regret buy them no i do not"
"i got thi lexol leather ph cleaner spray offlin at a local auto part storeand i am glad i didi start clean my car and the first thing i notic is the citru smell sudden half through clean the passeng front seat the sprayer broke at thi point the white clean rag i wa use wa still white and given i had not clean the seat in month i just return itso i went onlin and after much research orderedgriot garag 11259 leather care spray kit well the griot cleaner clean old grime of the leather seat i had clean with the lexol cleaner a week earlieri have use a varieti of leather cleaner over the year and in my experi thi one doe absolut noth"
"i use both the cleaner and the condit as describ but they did not make a differ on decent look leather seat in my 2003 sienna if they made a differ i have not realiz iti do not regret buy these i hope they will add to the life of the leather seat even though i have not observ a chang in appear"
"the jack stand fell with noth on them when i bare shook them made in china junk wast of time if you valu your life buy american jack stand"
"i order and paid for next day air becaus i need it thi weekend it arriv but it wasnt what i order i order a pair of jack stand i receiv an engin hoist leveleri understand mistak happen but it wa the way the return ha been handl that i have issu with up drop it off but i have to take it to the post offic to send it back and i wasnt told if theyll wait to ship the right order until they receiv thi back via the slowest mail servic so i have no idea when the replac order will arriv a week two weeksthi wasnt my mistak or even a defect product thi wa human error on their part they should have told me theyd immedi ship the replac next day like i order so far im left hang should i go out local and get what i need and then end up with an extra set should i hold off a day becaus theyr come next day i dont know and that the point and that whi i gave them one star"
"i use thi on my pickup truck becaus i had been get some hard start and rough idl and decrea fuel economi for about the past 6 month i have notic about a 2mpg drop in fuel economya coupl of my friend have use thi stuff and claim success so i gave it a shot i ad a can to the fuel tank and half a can each to the crankca and air intak let it sit and drove it around it smoke like crazi as promisednow anecdot i do think it smooth out my idl and i havent had a hard start but there is noth i can quantifi and i am not sure that the improv are not all psycholog i think my truck run better if i wax it my use also coincid with the end of winter so the oper temperatur can account for the improv too i did not see an improv in mpgso if thi is where my stori end id say give it a go if it work great if not you didnt lose too muchbutth second tank after use thi i got a o2 sensor code and had to replac a downstream sensor to be fair the truck ha 100k and thi could just be the natur lifespan of the sensor sinc i had alreadi notic a drop in mpg the sensor wa like on it way out at the same time i think it is rather interest that it fail less than 300 mile after use thi product when ive been drive around with the diminish mpg for sever thousand mile my person belief is that the big blast of smoke just push a fail sensor over the edgeso no i wont use thi stuff again most peopl have had fine luck but it not worth the risk for me"
"i have use both can of thi product on differ car the product result in a tremend amount of emiss be spew into the air when suck into the vacuum system as describ in the articl i read about the product befor purcha it in addit to creat air pollut and draw angri stare from neighbor i am simpli not convinc the product is effect"
"i use thi for year on my car dash and other vinyl area of the interior i alway thought it work and protect pretti well although it doe evapor on to the insid of the windshield which is annoy it also doesnt seem to last veri long and as it start wear off the dash look veri dryiv sinc found303 aerospac protect 32oz and that work much better it doesnt seem to exhibit ani of the afor issu ie it doesnt seem to go on to the insid of the windshield and the shine last longer it also protect from uv just as well if not better note that vinylex contain silicon which actual damag the vinylplast over timeim definit sold on 303 protect over vinylex now although i realli like the lexol ph leather cleaner and lexol leather condit for my leather"
"thi thing leak on first use the hose are not tight and the brake fluid leak everywh under my hood lucki i put 3 towel around the brake fluid tank becaus i knew thi would happen will not buy thi again"
"there is no swivel between the cap the tube and the bottl in other word when you screwunscrew the cap onto the car brake fluid contain there will be kink on the tube itself untangl the kink is a chore becaus the bottl is both quit big and heavi when it is fill with brake fluid they should have design with some quickconnectdisconnect like the compressor air hose that would be an ideal solut but i guess it will add to the cost for ad that featur howev i doubt that it would cost much becaus i brow through the airho connector at harbor freight and they run typic a coupl of buck each i might modifi thi bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem"
"the qualiti of the bleeder is awesom howev it will take hour upon hour if you plan on actual use thi product to bleed your car brake fluid you are far better off either use a buddi to pump the brake and you open the bleeder valv and then press the brake in 510 time and then close the bleeder valv and repeat as necessari you get a higher amount of fluid out each time than use thi bleeder after squeez the top on it manag to keep 14 psi 145 recommend for by vw mechan manual which liter push out 10 drop everi minuteif you arent too sure how to bleed brake as i state abov just go on youtub and youll see what i am talk aboutalso the bleeder bottl you can find on amazon as an item frequent bought with thi item is worth the money"
"these test lead were way too wimpi for automot use ifter a coupl of them pull apart then i just threw the rest of them out low grade product"
cheep
"ye they are wire lead with allig clip so if that your on standard for give them a good ratingotherwi tri to use these as jumper wire in electr work is useless sinc they have so much resist due to the veri small gaug wire and shoddi connect they make good clip for hang paper lol"
"these thing give off a pretti wide pattern for be so small they could be a tad bit brighter but they are a fog light which is exact what i need light feel well made and sturdi the wire har is veri well made wire is of good qualiti and is fair long howev the load wire that goe from the switch to the relay wa not long enough and need to be extend for my need the switch that come with the kit is realli nice and ha an led activ light that red when the light are off and greeen when the light are turn on but i wont be use itedit crap light start to leak seem like the weather strip insid around the len is way too big and doesnt seal right took the light off my front bumper and put them on my rear bumper to use as rever light sinc they didnt give me the light output desir after almost of week of be on my rear bumper they fill up complet with water even wor than they did on my front bumper and one len also crack go to contact the compani or seller to see if i can get a replac len read all review befor purcha these light are not the greatest"
"i mount these on the bumper of my ford f250 they are about 24 off the ground not too close to the pavement by ani mean the hous start to leak within a week or two of be instal i remov the light and tri seal with black silicon but they still leak perhap becaus of the leak the chrome start flake off within a few week i now have veri good look light which leak produc near no help light and wont stay aim in the direct i angl them"
"these thing are burn our right and left we have these instal in 8 of our patrol car and they dont seem to last more than a few month be care if you order the kc light with the 130 watt bulb the light reach out as good as ani ive ever seen but the qualiti of the bulb leav much to be desir"
"veri well construct but it ha a design flaw that make it useless the intern plunger ha a disc with a slot and the t handl need to engag the disc perfect or the rod push into the grea and not the disc so the grea doe not load proper i have 4 other standard grea gun and these work perfect but i want the pistol grip so i could pump with one handi have not idea what the intend purpo is in have the rod disengag from the plunger disc as thi is uniqu in my experi to the lincoln grea gun"
"hard to appli and veri hard to take off thi will go in the back of the suppli cabinet and on be use when i am out of p21 you definit get what you pay for in thi case"
"mayb it just me but i didnt see much differ i have a 2010 370z that i babi and decid after three year it might be time to detail the finish as i said i babi the darn thing so it garag kept and pretti clean to start with i follow the long involv instruct written by one of the experienc review to the letter i decid to just do the hood and then cleanwax the rest of the car for comparison i could see some differ in the hood it wa definit a higher gloss but not a differ that ani one el would notic mayb it would be more notic in an older car with fade paint but i wouldnt wast time do thi again"
"thi is a plastic sandwich type holder for the flat 4 wire connector not on did my connector fit loo and tilt at an angl as a result but the holder did not have a proper channel to fit the cover for the 4 wire connector i just bought the channel provid for the cover is veri small and is evid applic specif thi wa a wast of money i had to buy a differ mount bracket from a trailer place"
"im not shock that there were no wire even though the pictur show wire but i am surpri that the dust cover which appear to be integr in the pictur is not includ all that in the packag is the clamp itself and some selfdril sheetmet screw mayb ill check back some day and see that the pictur ha been chang or the descript ha been updat to reflect realiti in which case ill chang the number of star but for now im knock two star off for the decept ad and anoth star for the product realli be a fair cheap piec in my opinion the piec isnt a great valu the price is at best on fair and yeah i know were not review price but it a cheaplymad product which lack finish i think the bottom side couldv been solid instead of have the expo rib and i think the includ screw which appear to at least be stainless shouldv come with appropri washer to distribut the load on the plastic"
"i bought thi becaus amazon suggest that it should be bought along with the brake control there is no need for it at all as the brake control mount just fine with the includ hardwar"
"not sure whi but my thi adapt doesnt light up to do the check as it is suppo to i think it is my suv audi that doesnt support just the led to verifi oper i kept it anyway as it work fine with the trailer and all the light work"
"i got these to use on my leather cloth and car seat veri cheapli made the white lint from the pad come off and is a mess to pick up from leather cloth and car seat go to dollar store and get microfib cloth"
"i use thi product on the rear of my disc brake calib and it wa a big wast of timedid not push in the pistoni had to use a 6in cclamp which work out pretti welllisl disc brake pad spreader lis24400"
"the tool work great on the first set of pad went to do the other side and the thread rod broke loo from the knob not recommend"
"im buck the trend of favor review herei do give it two star becaus it doe go on easi smell decent and ha excel clean capabl the towel came out more black than with other product which i assum indic it is remov a lot of oxid black rubbertrimunfortun thi product doe not last i cover all the rubberplast on my car two thorough coat let it soak insettl for a day then wash it to get the overwipestreak of nearbi bodi panel etc the meguiar 40 wash complet off it wa left wor than befor i use the product the finish remain wa also veri splotchi and look bad even some interior part that i appli 40 to were most wipe clean after just wipe with a damp towel use to pick up accumul dustdirt it remain splotchi where there were minor nick scratch in the plasticrubb where more 40 had absorbedover i wa veri unsatisfi with the result im not go to say it is the worst product i have ever use but other that i use are far and away better these includ 303 aerospac protect which is a veri mild waterba product which also doesnt last but is better than thi meguiar product and ha almost no sheenmi previou stapl and which i recommend most is actual armor all origin i purcha a guru report analysi on these type of product sever year ago and wa surpri that thi old product wa one of the two bestincategori product along with zaino among over 50 that were test armor all origin not other formul is veri low sheen and also last sever wash it is also about 14 the price or less and avail everywhereim go back to armor all origin and recommend that you tri it as it perform better than boutiqu product i would also recommend that you use waterba product on perman trim rubber etc as the solventpetroleumba one have a tendenc to degrad the rubberplast over time these may be ok for replac item like tire or part that are sever oxid you can gener tell the differ in that waterba product are milki color while the petroleumba one are clear i do like meguiar hot shine for sever problem but not thi product"
"dont buy thi product i bought it for my 2010 toyota corolla becaus you need a special tool for the oil filter hous the put where you insert the wrench into broke on the first turn wast of money at least amazon let me return it broken"
"3 things1 spring is cheep and instal incorrect snap on unpack so i had to twist it to place it the right better way and twist the end toward insid more becaus spring is made of cheep metal that bend like aluminum2 size is too big for regular car filter toyotashondasmotorcycl etc mayb a 5lite for 3500 util van will have enough filter diamet for thi to fit around or a huge suv or a pickup truck3 remov on doe not work the other way around to tight the filter"
"i had thi thing for a few month and it work realli well for take off oil filter it on made it through like 3 or 4 filter until the spring broke though i dont recommend buy it"
"i think thi wa my fault for not read everi line of the descript befor buy i saw word like wide rang and univ and bite teeth what i miss wa that it work from 3 18 to 3 78 inch i am sure ill use it just not as much use as id hope it would get"
"when i first got it the wrench did work howev it wa never that easi to use due to need to be flare out first to fit over the filter at some point i lost the spring not sure whi it could even detatch and then it wa render complet useless end up buy a coupl of the larg socket look one that come in three size to fit common filter theyr a bit cheaper but i had to buy multipl so they end up cost more but they also work easili everi time"
"tool feel sturdi and like it would help but end up be a useless tool in the arsen i wouldnt recommend thi sinc you can hand tighten the oil filter if you use a textur one like the purol"
"ive use my mityvac 7201 less than 10 time i have treat it veri care as i do all my stuff but still it work poor for meth selector valv that you use to switch between evacuatingdispen is ridicul difficult to oper i cant just push or lift my selector valv to oper it no i have to twist it while pushingpul like a madman and hope i dont break anyth includ my finger i wa abl to loosen it up somewhat by spray the valv with siliconeteflon spray and oper it repeated but 1 it still not easi to oper and 2 i shouldnt have to do thatth expand plug that must be expand to evacuatedispen or remov to pour fluid out is ridicul difficult to remov it just a poorfit deviceth tube connector where the main evacu tube enter the top of the unit leak when i put it in dispen mode i had to pay over 27 to get a replac tube connector kit 822566 sinc my unit is out of warrantyaft replac the tube connector and tri dispen mode again i found that the top plate leak i had not notic thi befor but it explain whi it alway took so much pump when i evacu oil when i use it in dispen mode now the main tube doesnt leak anymor but air and oil come out from under the top plate i remov the top plate and sure enough look ma no seal it would be bad enough if the seal had mere fail but for the seal not to be includ in the first place is inexcus becaus i didnt notic thi problem sooner the seal 822821 is cost me an addit 13 includ a ridicul 875 fee for shippingnow ive ad not replacedad the top seal and while do a test i can hear that the unit leak air at the top of the pump assembl i give up on thi thingthi would be a great practic joke if it didnt cost me so much money"
"if it work it work pretti good chanc are you will get one with a miss o ring though sever peopl on car forum i am a member of receiv defect item includ myself i call custom servic after multipl email went unansw i told them i think it wa miss an o ring becaus it would not hold a vaccum they said yep it might be and that wa it no we will get one right out to you or ship it back for an exchang they were veri rude i just seal it with some gasket maker and it work now but look terribl i would go with a differ unit with beter qualiti control"
"use thi tool to remov my fuel line on a fuel filter changeomg i wa under the truck for over a hour wrestl with it eventu the tool broke what a piec of junk i order the metal sissor one off of amazon got the fuel line off in 2 minut liter i heard the click and the fuel filter just came out save yourself some time and aggrevationif you have a ford truck get the sissor tool not thi plastic junk"
"i got thi to tri to chang out a fuel filter on a 03 f150 it veri nice that it ha a bunch of differ size but there noth to grab onto onc you slip it over the fuel line there on the littl larger piec of plastic to grab and i wa not about to gener enough forc to pop off the back fuel line i also found that the harder i push the more the tool sort of open up if you could get your finger direct behind the wide end of thi tool you could realli gener a lot of forc and probabl pop the fuel line off easili the way it set up though you cantwhil it more expen i think the larger aluminum one tool seem like the way to go there you actual have someth to hold onto i should add though that i have a feel my fuel line is a bit rust gum up and so perhap under normal condit thi tool might work without a huge amount of effort push as hard as i could though i wa not abl to get the fuel line off with thi tool"
"i decid i need a new seal puller and pick thi up cheap here on amazon i tri to pull two seal with it today and it just tore through them like a can open it would have been easier to use a hammer and a chisel"
"these will slip off and damag the clamp as well as skin your knucklesmayb if you were in a place with good access to the clamp it would work i wa despir when i bought these and just wast money"
"nice rig but it becom unhappi and stick if you use it in cold weather below 40 sit seem to stick so if it stick your back to use it as a tire inflat and use your tire pressur guag again the entir reason for thi thing is to pump air in read it your done not the case if it stick not you have lost faith in it"
"i should have return thi it no strobe light the induct time light is so much easier at least where you have batteri power it made well but be sure to have the devic fulli insert into the wire mine fell on the floor for not doubl check the wire attach and it could have damag it"
"i bought thi first think it would be a good buy i left it in my glove box on to find it one day bent did not last long in storag i then i bought the digit tire pressur and tread depth combo way better product look up accutir ms48b digit combin tire thread depth gaug and tire pressur gaug"
"far too flimsi thi thing feel like it need to be pack to the gill in order to retain it rectangular shape would also appreci some type of rubbervelcro grip on the bottom so it not slide around in my trunk when light loadedit doe it job henc the noreturn but at the same time i didnt expect 34soft sided34 to mean 34collap in all situat except fulli load"
"i wish thi had rigid divid instead of just fabric the unit is too floppi in gener unless you load it up with a lot of stuffthi is on a tini but more use than a standard duffel bagi would recommend you spend a bit more and get thi one snapon 870116 21inch trunk organ and tool carrier i did and am much happier with it as it is ridid and seem to hold just about as much stuff"
"i realli wasnt impress with the over result of thi polish as part of the mother 3step kit i use all 3 step and still think i get better result from tech wax"
"it would have been a five star review but 409 work better on clean up a bike mother just make the part you use it on look wet and leav the dirt beneath four star"
"thi kit seem like more of a hassl than it wa worth after use one clay bar my car finish wa ind smoother but it look exact the same a few littl spot of sap came out here and there but i honest think the same thing couldv been achiev with goo gone and windex"
"i have been detail car and aircraft for forti yearsi have tri almost everi thing out there as far as wax and cleaner goim am a old school simoniz guy yea lot of workbut it worksi would alway use a cleaner first dupont workedi figur it might be time to tri someth newso i tri the mother clay bar did not work welli tri meguir clean and wax and that stuff is greattri klass real good stuffmicro fiber the more you spend the better you getth clay wa a joke"
"purcha thi product to remov a minor scratch it ate through my clearcoat and left me with 400 in damag had an auto detail look at the damag befor get it fix he ask what product caus it and i told him 34scratchx 2034 he repli 34oh i would never even use that stuff it too abrasive34bottom line from my experi with thi product do not purcha it under ani circumst unless you are veri experienc work on carsthi is truli a one star item avoid at all cost"
"i tri it on a superfici scratch and kept rub the product sever time and reappli 3 time and scratch is stil there i tri it with foam pad microfib pad microfib towel worst product meguair produc"
"thi is not a rub on buff off product like wax it take a lot of rub against the scratchit appear to be do more harm than good ad scratch to my fair dark vehicl im use it by hand with a foam applic which never ha scratch my finish when wax i find the result of a good coat of wax do a better job and dont add addit swirlmark scratch like thi stuff it may work better with a power buffer by hand it pretti useless"
"doesnt work worth a darn regular wax work better than thi product veri disappoint with mequiar which i thought wa a good brand i will go back to turtl product from now on"
"as titl say wast of time money and calori i have 08 bmw 335i sport silver color have long scratch similar to those that guy post in product imag spent almost an hour tri all differ techniqu thi product simpli doesnt work if you have a new car with nice paint i would avoid buy thi it might work for some old car which paint is in differ condit but not for me sorryp i bought a full set of meguiar paint care you can find my review on other product as well what actual work for me somewhat is ultim wax and clay kit contamin remov kit clay kit is veri hard to appli though but it work"
"not realli impress with thi product the meguiar cleanerwax product doe a much better job thi may be good for some car but not mine"
"thi product is good but not outstand as barri meguiar say not last as long as he say ive use both summer and winter and in 6 week lost mani of it properti in the real world not in the world of barri meguiar you have to wax the car everi month if you want to protect your car is not true that regardless of price wax last for mani monthssinc you appli the wax start to degrad the environ sun uv rain dust when you wash you remov the wax inevit part becaus dust and pollut and the pollut and stick to the wax and when you remov these contamin also remov the wax"
"ive own thi wax for some time it doesnt last more than a month if that it a pain to put on and take off it goe on ok but take it off is anoth stori leav a almost a oili residu until you wash your car or use numer towelsmicrofib to take it off how much do you realli want to rub your paint to get the residu off i have black paint i havent realli seen ani good protect from the element or from birdsbug one postit is that it doe smell good when appli it but im sure meguiar ad the fragranc for some market perspect all in all for the price compar to durabl thi stuff is a wast and not sure whi meguiar even put it on the market"
"meguiar came out with the origin nxt around 2005 and it wa actual a pretti good product not the greatest shine but wa fair durabl and easi to appli then sometim a few year later nxt 20 wa introduc and to me it wa a huge step backward although it just receiv a high favor rate from the big consum magazin it is far from one of the best product on the market thi version 20 ha veri poor gloss characterist on dark color car and the durabl is just terribl liter no more than six week befor water stop sheet off the cari maintain eight differ person car and so am almost alway wax someth i think all the high price multistep product are just so much snake oil be sold at outrag price and trust me ive tri almost all of them good surfac prep is the key to the success of ani waxsynthet product and that involv clay light cut cleaner polish and then the final way onc prep proper just about ani product will do realli well and if appli regular will protect the finish and make futur prep unnecessari my current favorit for durabl and shine is turtl wax cleanercarnuba although the good old meguiar cleaner wa in the purpl bottl is still a darn good product at a bargain price"
"thi product is easi to appli and easi to wipe off but on black car especi it doe not give a nice deep glossi or wet look shine it leav more of a streaki oili finishi switch over to yellow carnuba wax and the differ wa night and day i have a full bottl that i no longer use and it just sit in the garag collect dustif you have a black car and stick with carunba wax instead of synthet meguiar to make great product but thi one fail to impressi get a better shine off of meguiar cleaner wax than thi nxt stuffbut a friend introduc me to mother pure carnuba wax and i have sinc made a switch in brand i mean the shine you get with thi stuff is just insan"
"after buy the meguiar da polish and the frequent bought togeth deal includ the 65 finish pad and the 65 polish pad i found out direct from meguiar that they have updat the pad to 7 which includ a recess to make center the polish back pad easier and have improv the velcro back pad adh so that the new 7 pad are actual machin washabl the velcro pad is attach far more secur the older 65 pad often lose their velcro back due to washingcleaningth is no doubt in my mind that the pad materi is of high qualiti on either the new 70 or thi older 65 pad it just that meguiar ha improv and updat their pad now the recess on the back of the pad definit aid the user in center the pad that one featur alon make buy the 70 pad a nobrain combin that with the improv back pad adh and now we have a slam dunkher are the link for the newest and improv padssoftbuff 20 foam polish pad 7 inchmeguiar w 9207 7 soft buff 20 foam finish pad"
"also had some bake on oil stain on tti ceram coat header on our 70 challeng caus by leak rear main seal onc repair tri semichrom to remov them no success at all again pull out the mothersalthough slow and tediou it did the job with no damag to ceram coatingscrew on lid on mother make far better sen semichrom lid requir an inconveni pri tool to removewhich tend to clobber lid caus it to not seal well addit semichrom is somewhat on the order as twice as expen i should have purcha a tube instead of a can to give it a trywould have save 15 or so dollar"
"from the moment you touch the packag youll begin to wonder if thi came from a dollar store it ha that knockoff look and feel that you just dont see in mainstream storesand onc you have the flare out of the packag youll probabl notic how it about readi to crack befor you even screw on the batteri cap you may even notic or be disturb by the similar look thi ha to a more adultori itembut hey the box say it a superbright led that as good as a flare right well that not so true the dopey led isnt veri bright at all if thi is as bright as a flare then a maglit is as bright as the sun i wrote it off to the crazi nonam aaa batteri and tri some fresh duracel same resultbut but it say it ha a map light too ind it doe hope there noth red on your map becaus the map light is that same dopey red led but not blink and realli that someth to give some seriou thought to if it wa realli that bright would they suggest you use it as a map light i think notif anyth id think that use thi as a road flare is more like to confus driver than warn them in fact the on use applic thi ha that i can think of is use the loophol to tie it to your kid on halloween that is if your angri with your kid and want to shame them with someth that not even as bright as a glow stickpay more than the cost of a candi bar for thi is pure insan"
"thi is a littl red flashlight period ye the red light is bright and ye it blink if you set it to do so but thi would never take the place of a real flare under ani circumstancesdo not buy thi to replac the flare you should carri in your car emerg kitmost flashlight have the light beam come straight out of the end of the tube thi one ha the light come off the side like a beacon or lighthous it can on be view from straight on while a flare put out inten light in all direct like a sparkler thi littl flashlight on put out light in one direct the direct you have face the beam do not buy except as a toy or as a hike signal light i have given it two star for it be at least that usefulflar no way"
"i thought thi sound like a handi item to have in my car for emerg so when the amazon vine program offer it for review i order it first of all it cheap plastic and made in china that alon will usual put me off of buy an item i see in a storei insert the includ batteri and turn it on it emit a red light that can either blink or remain static i thought the light seem small and feebl but i wait until nighttim to give it a real test i set it on my car with the magnet end hold it to the hood and walk down the driveway to see it from a distanc although the red light wa visibl it wasnt near bright enough to be use as a flare in a roadsid emerg it wasnt even as bright or eyecatch as the light you see on bicycl rider at nighti would never reli on thi product to warn oncom car of a breakdown nobodi would know what it wa even if they saw it in time to react im stick with real flare which are visibl from far away and instant tell other driver of an accid or hazard aheadi hope nobodi decid to use thi product as a safeti flare in their car i wont even keep it in my car as a map light as they suggest on the packag ill reli on the small mag light i alreadi have in the car"
"i wa enthus when i first saw thi product i strive to keep safeti item in the car and hous so thi one seem perfect a flare that run on batteri i could get a bunch of these for my car and for my boyfriend car and make sure were alway safei pop in the batteri and turn it on thi is a flare i took it outsid i tri it at night there no way a car come down a highway is go to see that tini light and know anyth is go on a person reli on thi is set themselv up for a catastroph disast have a highpow flare isnt just a casual nice to have thing it can liter be the differ between stay aliv and have a sleepi trucker barrel into the car demolish itth light isnt even strong enough to read by in the car there noth i would use thi for and the fact that they market it as a flare safeti devic concern me great i worri that someon will fall for that claim tri to use it as a flare and end up with seriou injuri or worsei high recommend that peopl buy real flare for their car and check on them everi year or two have flashlight check the batteri safeti is importantdefinit do not buy thi product"
"when i receiv hein 1020 commutem flameless flare i had high hope real flare can be danger messi and difficult to use i thought thi might be the perfect thing to place in my old truck in the event i had a breakdown i also thought it might be good to take on my atv trip in the event i break down on the trail and need to leav some kind of visibl marker on my atv along the trailsad to say i wa rather disappoint the flare is power by two aaa batteri and a singl red led in the daylight the light output from the flare is bare notic at nighttim it is slight more notic and might serv as a marker light on your car to someon who is pay attent or if you were use it on a dark trail it might be visibl from a short distanc but it realli is no brighter than the keyfob led that are intend to assist in unlock a door the light is also unidirect on come from one side of the flare so care posit would be a must i think it would be tricki to use as a map light too sinc map often contain red text which would be difficult to see with a red lightthat said i will not go as far as to claim that the product misrepr itself it is reusabl and it could function as a secondari warn marker it is not flammabl and it came with batteri which seem rare these day the idea for the magnet end that stick to the side of vehicl would be good if most vehicl were made of steel but mani these day are made of fiberglass or aluminum and thu the magnet serv a limit purposeif thi product were market as a sort of a secondari marker light it might be accept one could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as a failsaf after all the more light the better howev the idea that it would serv as a flare is just not correct if i were chang a tire along the side of a busi road for exampl i would have no faith that anyon would see or notic thi light in their headlight i would expect someth much brighter for an applic such as that and given that expect thi product unfortun fell short of both it name and purpo"
"if your familiar with the red flash led bicycl tailight seen on so mani bike these day then youll understand whan i say that thi unit is essenti a onel version of those light ye it visibl from a good distanc away but on if your direct behind it the len that focus the light from the led concentr it over perhap 10 degr the base ha a magnet it it that will allow it to stand up on the roof of a car assum the roof is metal which is still true for most car so as a road flare it better than noth but still nowher near as visibl as a tradit flare or just put on on your car fourway emerg flashersso what use it is it might be use as a rescu devic for signal or locat someon in the wood at night if they had the presenc of mind to bring it along with them given the low price it might be worth experi with"
"there are definit some advantag to thi over a tradit flare it will last much longer and it ha a magnet base that is strong enough to hold it on a metal part of your car the batteri cap screw on and ha a gasket in case it is rain it is also compact and lightweightth disadvantag is that it isnt anywh near as bright as a flare it ha a singl led that is veri direct if it wa place on the road in front of a car it would be veri easi to overlooki think a fold triangl with reflect tape along with a coupl of flare would be a safer alternativesean p logu 2010"
"at first look the hein 1020 commutem flameless flare seem like a good idea in certain limit circumst im sure it might be use for most circumst howev i would on use it as an absolut last resortth item is made of plastic not just ani plastic but appear to be manufactur of the kind of hard plastic that quick turn veri brittl and crack when expo to the extrem temperatur variat found insid a vehicl which after all is where thi item is meant to be kept while it is batteri power and doesnt realli pose ani kind of roadsid fire hazard it use is sever limitedfirst of all one ha to reli on alway have it load with good batteri dead batteri do noon ani good and ive found most peopl just throw item like thi in the trunk or glove box and forget about it not realli think to check the batteri regularlybut doe it work well ye sort of the unit ha a small len power by an led that either blink on and off or light up continu the continu on is meant for a lowglar map light while the blink featur is meant to captur the attent of oncom motorist unfortun the led is not veri bright and is like to go unnot from anyon farther away than 15 to 20 yard and is so small and low inten that even if notic it is doubt anyon would recogn it as a hazard or warn beacon while we certain dont want anyth so bright it blind oncom driver we also dont want someth so dim that it doesnt trigger anyon warn instinct soon enoughinterst highway forget it buy some reflect triangl rural highway not much of a chanc of be seen in time at highway speed well lit neighborhood it like wont get notic from my perspect about the on time a unit like thi would attract ani attent is if it wa on a poor lit rural backroad where the speed limit is 35 mph or under and there are no other light in the area to caus ani distract or overpow the weak light sourc thi unit provid then if your vehicl hazard flasher dont work by all mean thi is better than absolut noth just rememb to check the batteri"
"pro batteri driven flash or steadi light flameless flare can be use as a map light reusabl could be use effect as a light that doe not serious degrad night visioncon product claim to be visibl at 1000 ft but thi is on possibl within a few degr of view one half of the top light up for a dim present but the bright led shine out through a narrow beam like a small red flashlight consequ the flare would probabl not be use in a traffic situat sinc it would have to be preci align with oncom traffic and would on be visibl by the few driver within thi narrow beam of light it is certain not a good substitut for a real flare which is much brighter and omnidirect thi littl light is not as good as the emerg flasher built into vehiclesif you want a safeti flare to carri in your vehicl buy the real thing if you want a light you can use as a map light without distract a driver or to see where your walk without serious degrad your night vision thi red light will do that well"
"thi item ship defect part not cover with chrome are rust thi is usual a good product i have purcha the same product recent and did have ani problem i need to have these two plate replac"
"fell off almost immedi but it wa cheap so no big loss on someon anal as me would think the small lic plate screw need cover"
"these chrome cap would not work on my plate the licen plate screw head were larger than the plastic ring that hold the cap i end up use them on my motorcycl these cap were less money at my local harley dealer too id give them a pass next time"
"i have two car both of which requir the larg 14 sheet metal selftap screw to mount the plate to the nylon retain behind the plate the one mount on the car that the screw screw into problem is that diamet of the plastic ring that hold the screw cover is too small to take the screw larg diamet head the maximum screw head diamet that will fit the ring is 435 inch 11 millimet option 1 replac the nylon retain on the car but differ car have differ retain so one must search for new one that will accept a 12 screw option 2 tri to find 14 selftap screw with smaller head i shop around for 14 screw with smaller head to no avail option 3 grind down the screw head diamet option 4 not good on one car i use 12 sheet metal screw that have a smaller diamet but do fit the ring and wrap the thread with tape thi sort of work but i realli cant tighten them down satisfactorili so i have to check their secur now and then im leav the other car as is for now mayb someon ha more practic idea sure would like to hear of them btw see the updat belowupd 111613i think ive found a viabl solut to the abov problem i use a 12 sheet metal selftap screw place a 12inch long piec of ordinari shrink tube 14 id over the thread toward the point end of the screw use a heat gun or you can use a match bic lighter or solder iron to shrink the tube which effect increa the thread diamet to about that of a 14 screw thi allow me to tighten the screw secur and will last much longer than ordinari tape one more thing the thick of the screw head doesnt quit allow the chrome cap to fulli snap into place over the nylon ring the top of the head need to be file down a littl leav enough philip x to use the screwdriv"
"im plea with the appear of these on my nouveau plate cover but they feel incr cheap and i dont expect them to stay on while drive down the road i understand you need to be abl to take them back off but i feel like theyr go to fall off on their ownwel see how it turn out"
"the cover pop off and are worthless dont buy thi junk look great when you instal but the cover wont stay on when the car is move"
"thi is a cheap piec of junk made in a wellknown foreign asian land known for produc junk the two light are not led and do not flash quick like a real secur system they are dull light altern from one to the other dont wast your money or batteri anyon will tell it fake i threw mine in the garbagewasnt worth send back"
"thi kit is just ok everi piec in the kit is extrem light weight if you are a mall crawler and on hit fire road than thi will do fine if it much more than that then look at the arb kit"
"let start off by examin the product claim made by the manufactur sinc some peopl seem to think that those of us who arent fan of thi product are at fault for expect it to live up to those claim clean and lubric the fuel system clean and lubric the carburetor and injectorsth are the word of luca oil product on lucasoilcom not me so if you want to lambast me or us for expect thi product to clean our fuel system you will have to first explain whi we should not expect it to given that the manufactur say it willsea foam motor treatment is claim by the manufactur on seafoamsalescom to clean intern fuel system compon clean carburetor fuel injectorsdo you see the claim overlap between the luca and sea foam productsi bought a coupl 525ounc bottl of thi stuff for my car which had a veri rough idl certain that all the posit review couldnt be wrong i also bought a gallon of it at my local auto part store fortun i got a steep discounti put one bottl through the fuel system no improv then anoth bottl still noth no notic improv whatsoevereventu i tri sea foam motor treatment and with one bottl of that got the result i wa after no i didnt mix the productsa far as i am concern thi product is posit useless for clean the fuel system lt and is clean the fuel system a state product claim ye it is thank for ask"
"i have use it a few time and it dise not do what is said of the product the interior doea not come clean it doe take up a littl dust but that it it did not clean all the dust like it said it would"
"if your interior is alreadi clean dont use it it will leav lot of lint on your dash i have a one week new car and i want to keep my interior dust free so i got thi from amazon with other car care product i had appli some armor on my dash and leather seat to keep it protect after a few day i am notic some dust are begin to collect on my dash so i want to start use thi duster after open it brand new out of the blister pack i use it on my dash and it left a trail of lint on my dash and door panel i thought the duster is chemic treat so that it should pick up dust instead of leav lint now i am not sure if i would ever use thi again"
"the clamp are chinci the wire guag is smaller than the 12 exten i put on the other end of it if your not go to put a huge load on it then im sure it will work but you get what you pay for if it wa heavier duti and had an inlin fuse then id be happi with it"
"first of all the cigarett lighter outlet just doe not have enough amp to jump start a car motor second the plug wa shatter upon arriv and render thi batteri cabl unus"
"both the stock photo and the jkoster jpg you see of thi product are no longer valid and whatyou get is what my jpg showsth product ha been cheapen by shorten the wire by half now 1 footbi the time you spread the wire apart enough for the clamp to reach bothtermin on a standard size 12 volt car batteri you have just taken up halfth wire length which leav you 6 inch left overi have not strip the insul of the wire to check gaug but it cant be anymorethan 18 16 at the mostwhil the product doe work you would have to use it right on top of the batteri which isok for me as i on use it for test purposesa far as the whole front panel illumin line i cant figur out whi that is in theproduct blurbth product come in a cheap clear plastic bag not a thermal form pack as is shown soth product you see is not the product you getagain see my jpg of what you actual getdu to the low price it is not worth return but you should be awar of these chang"
"i use a lot of mother product but thi glass cleaner is the wor it leav streak all over the glass also when use on the insid of the glass it fog up the glass at night the glass fog up so bad it becom danger ive tri use a microfib and terri cloth towel ive switch back to straight water to clean the glass"
"i purcha a bottl of mother glass cleaner simpli becaus i have use other mother product wax and they seem to work veri well also thi cleaner is safe for tint window becaus it doe not contain ammoniaunfortun i wa extrem disappoint with thi glass cleaner as it streak more than windex and no matter what i tri i could not remov the streak at alli did not notic ani differ in the streaki between nontint and tint glass both were pretti badi end up just throw the bottl out and went back to use microfib cloth and purifieddistil water"
"the tender work margin well and after a few year the ground prong pull loo of the plug i cut the unit plug off and replac it thi unit keep the batteri charg but ive notic my voltmet read just over 13 volt everi morn so it seem to me that thi unit is keep the batteri bare charg instead of fulli charg i recent bought a solar prologix 12 amp batteri charger that seem much better built and keep the batteri more fulli charg if the prologix literatur is to be believ it is a much more sophist unit than the batteri tender while the cost is just a few buck more"
"i own sever vehicl and motorcycl and i had one of the pre china batteri tender and it last for sever year it did so well i bought 3 more of the batteri tender pluse at one time at christma 2010one work for about 9 month and then would not go into the float mode it kill the batteri from overcharg hook up the next on a differ batteri and it work about 2 week befor do the same thingnot go into float mode the 3rd one last less than a week each ha a 10 year warranti so i phone deltran and spoke to their tech he cannot understand my problem tri on differ batteri plug into outlet first blah blah blah i paid over 10000 for 3 of these chine junk chargersi can send them back and they will check at my cost if noth is found wrong i would be charg a servic fee and return ship poor custom servic bad qualiti for what these cost they should lastdo yourself a favor and do not buy these batteri tender chargersupd 1152014 buy an xtreme chargeri have 3 of the red xtreme charger see my review"
"i purcha thi batteri tender to keep the batteri in my summer car charg up in the off season unfortun thi batteri tender caus my batteri to leak acid all over the trunk of my car caus corro and requir an expen repair i purcha thi unit specif becaus it not suppo to overcharg a car batteri what a mistak dont buy thi product it doesnt work as adverti i reach out to the manufactur via their websit twice but they never respond to me faulti product no custom servic fail"
"add me to the list of failuresaft 11 month i do not know whi i ignor over 30 one star review i thought with all of the posit they must be fluke well mine just fri nasti burnt electron smell no light no output it did not hurt the car it wa attach to and i discov it veri soon after failur it is not worth the hassl indic by other to file a warranti claim i order an xtreme hope for longer life and good perform anybodi read thi review bewar the failur rate on these deltran is too high"
"had my batteri tender plu for just over 2 year and it work great for those 2 year maintain the batteri in an antiqu car recent i put it on the batteri on my daili driver and the charg light didnt come on test on sever other batteri seem it lost it statu light and all it regul and just put out a constant 15 volt now cook whatev batteri i hook it up to their tech support wa rude and unknowledg of cour their warranti is a joke sinc it will cost 50 of it valu just to make use of their warranti i consid buy anoth but with so mani other choic now on the market i cant ration the batteri tender high price i replac it with a vector for the same price which ha twice the featur"
"bought thi becaus of all the review but it did not work for me my harley use an agm batteri and found out after the purcha that thi charger cannot charg an agm batteri for a simpl batteri maintain thi product is big and heavi i expect more"
"save your money cheap plastic stuff that wont work it wont stay on the mirror it is suppo to attach to fall off blow off"
"high recommend just make sure it ha ampl water to get start 1 gallon minimum use in warm and cooler weather without issueupd 42014 after camp an entir season with these i found that they didnt work veri well tissu and wast didnt seem to break down veri well and it most certain doesnt mask odor veri well i even tri use 2 packet instead of one for a 30 gallon tank no differ asid from thing be veri bluei think im go to tri the tri and true happi camper organ treatment next"
"i have been use the liquid blue stuff for 4 year and never had a problem until tri these blue packet now i had to call out a pluber becaus the toilet paper wa not break down dont wast your money on thi stuff and by the way amazon wont let you return it either"
"work like crap doe not allow enough air in to blow line out save your money and use an air nozzl instead trust me"
"thi product is for turn a petcock valv not for removinginst a drain plug it my fault for not read the descript clear but what i want wa a tool for remov the drain plug on my atwood 6 gal water heater in my travel trailer the nylon plug is in an awkward locat and without a long socket exten which i dont have it is a pain to screw and unscrew even though thi plug is on fingertight"
"i had thi unit for about 2 month work fair well the tab on the bottom of the unit broke after a month i use tape for awhil and then gave up on it tri the valterra a102606 fridgecool 1128 ma fan with onoff switch ive had it for five year without ani problem the valterra is much easier on batteri too"
"mayb on bussiz class a motorhom with larger refrig thi is use but it is not ani good for my rv refrig 26 ft vehicl decent size refrig i dont use thi as it is too larg and use the singl bar instead they work well"
"broke on day 1 bit cheap in constructionwould recommend differ product or even a differ approach all togeth"
"i found wash car at home in florida did not give the same result as california bay area water too much spote and white residu leftsaw a review where some one el use thi filter for improv car wash water so i bought thi filterprogreat look product for the costgret look packagingproduct screw thread fit water tight to water sourc and hoseaft a few gallon the water come out clear and work well for wash a car and rin it offconwat flow a first wa about 60 of normal due i assum to flow restrictionwat flow after a few more minut and less than 5 gallon wa reduc to 10 of normalth reduc flow could bare remov the car wash soapfirst few gallon had a lot of black i assum carbon color to the water that becam clean and clear water as seen in the bucketnot i did verifi the high flow direct as the labl show i may tri to upload photo lateroverallfor florida hose water in the space coast area and use for car wash thi is not a good product for a motorcycl or small product okayfor other use i have no ideawould not buy again"
"the valv look good but i end up return it as it wouldnt work for the way i need to hook thi into my rv water system applic wa for a 2012 keyston cougar 327re"
"seem like a good idea but it leak incess no matter how much i tighten even with teflon tape on the thread i return it"
"no matter how littl or how much plummer tape i use thi unit would not seal and the butterfli valv metal bend easili would not recommend i end up put the origin plastic plug back in disappoint"
"i bought thi valv with high hope of simplifi the regular drain of our 6gal atwood rv water heater as remov of the standard nylon plug is a pain due to it locat if you are look to purcha thi product under the same preten let me save you the time in my case the better part of an afternoonfirst a quick explan of how the valv work there are actual three compon at play 1 the larg diamet plug that screw into the water heater 2 a secondari plug that screw into the first and 3 the actual valv which you open and close to drain the water i believ the intent of thi design is to allow 34regular34 drain of the water heater with the lastsmallest valv while remov of the medium nut could be use perhap at the end of the season to allow more sediment and debri to exit the tank quick due to the larger diamet sidenot open the actual valv the smallest compon drain the tank veri veri slowli and sometim on at a trickl if you cant get air behind the water in my case i had to open the pressur relief valv in addit to all faucet to produc an accept drain ratewhil the valv piec never had ani issu with leak the other compon did i tri screw in these nut with and without teflon tape and at variou depth no matter what the combin there wa alway a small leak come from either of these piec there appear to be no way to practic stop the leak i also tri wrap the nut with an excess of teflon tape 5 wrap to no availi gave up after about 23 hour of tinker return the valv to amazon and end up stick with the standard nylon plug hint sear sell a 1516 offset wrench that is perfect for remov these plug"
"thi valv is exact what i need to make drain the hot water tank in my rv a breez unfortun it arriv with a qualiti control problem the thandl wa not proper crimp onto the valv shaft the first time i tri to use the valv the handl came right off in my hand rather than fool aroung with the nuisanc of return it i rework the crimp with a hammer punch i wa abl to make it secur enough that i can use the valv without the handl come loo hope it will not work loo be lost due to vibrat on the road"
"first off my fault for not realiz these are sold in singl unit and not in pair that be said im glad i didnt buy a second one as these are hard plastic and will slide easili and not take hold unless you put a rubber mat under it the good news is you can pick up a pair of real rubber chock at harbor freight for less than 20 buck which work great"
"you just dont expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small but then you look at the price and kick yourself for expect more they work but i high doubt theyll still be around in 10 year"
"thi doe not fit my wheel it need a hose to fit more stem configur the 100 is ident except for the 060 it is 0100 but state it ha a 11 hose but it doesnt i recommend a type with a hose for versatil the 100 is nice but the 60 is fine for most applic if you have a bike that need over 60 than look for a 100 thi is not for all applic also be care not to drop thi or you throw it away"
"i purcha the camco 11553 anod rod for my atwood heater the anod wa poor manufactur and had a slight bend in the shaft thi slight bend is enough to misalign the tread in the cap section to the point where if forc into place it would cross thread the femal thread in the water heater it is not worth the time or hassl to return so there it is scrap in the event the anod did thread in proper the instruct indic you should pull the anod onc a month to be sure you keep the anod in a remov state appar if you do not remov it onc a month it will corrod in posit make it extrem difficult to remov i have decid to keep my factori instal nylon drain plug as the plug of choic my previou rv wa over 8 year old when i sold it and i never had corro problem with the nylon plug save your money"
"easi to instal but on the 4th day the self tap bolt came outstrip out of the frame it wa adjust as recommend and i never back up or turn too tight i felt it help and will like pay to have it weld in place lost one pin and 4three bolt i would probabl buy a ree equal hitch with antisway next time but i have an eaz type"
"dont buy optima batteri pure junk after johnson control bought optima and move the factori to mexico they have gone downhil the last three i bought all went bad one befor i wa even abl to use it i had bought an optima to power my 56 chevi and after it sat unus for a month i went to tri and start a new motornoth wouldnt even take a charg save your money and get one at the local part store with a warrantyfyi essenti all auto batteri in the us are made by on 2 compani and then brand exid and johnson control check it out"
"they are rather small and realli cheapli construct i could have bought stuff at the store to build these cheaper they went with my old pop up trailer when i trade it in"
"on the stand is aluminum the center shaft handl and top are steel mine start to rust within a week of use"
"all of fram oil filter are noth but cardboard insid i saw sever video on youtub show how bad these are so i cut my old one open at 3000 mi to see if it true it true all cardboard even the end cap even the tough guard all fram filter are like thi what wor is the pleat the cardboard pleat close shut and thi make the oil have to seek anoth open pleat to enter mine had half of it pleat close that mean on half the oil filter wa workingnext is the seem were the pleat row are connect it wa open half way up the seam becaus the glue came loo that mean dirti oil wa by pass the filter all togeth these are the worst filter on the market no doubt fram just spent so much money blow smoke up our tail we believ they are good filterscut your old fram open and look insid if you dont want to get dirti just go too youtub and type in fram oil filter noth but garbag fram couldnt care less about the life of your car buy anyth el but fram anyth"
"cheapo replac for the one i wore out but the tip ha not cover on the metal wire wrap around the bristl so i can pretti much guarant itll scratch the tire until i find a good rubber tip to glue on it wont get use on my wheel not worth send back thi is not the one to buy until they fix that littl tip"
"i bought thi due to posit review but never again i leav streak and smudg no matter how i tri to use it even appli more than onc tri it on window glass in the home mirror and car glass all the same result realli want it to work but plain water would do better i rare write a review thi neg but thi one earn it"
"on the advic of a friend i replac my toyota tacoma manual transmiss gear oil with thi royal purpl max from the start i encount poor shift and excess gear noi after two month the shift got so bad i opt to replac it with the previou gear oil i wa use redlin mt90 now my shift is back to be easier with the gear noi gone for the price of thi oil it should have perform better than it did i wa veri disappoint"
"i bought thi to polish chrome wheel the powerb mini is a huge letdown the foam start disintegr almost immedi when run across ani angl of the wheel surfac the foam is simpli too weak it rip and shred i would on use thi on veri smooth surfac that have no angl to them ridg bump etc but if your polish someth that simpl in shape you dont need thi in the first place grab a rag and youll be done a lot faster"
"to cost abd doesnt work ani better or easier than a brush anddeterg to clean the tire and rim would not buy again"
"i use thi to clean an expen set of whitew tire befor sell a classic car at auction and it wa a big mistak i bought thi becaus i want to use someth safe to clean the whitew it did ok on the white area as in it didnt ruin it the black part of the tire end up discolor with streak it look horribl the tire look better befor i use it409 and simpl green do a better of clean than thi producti will never trust thi brand for ani product"
"i bought three bottl all spray veri poor it came out in blotch would not cover the tire well i had to take a spong to spread it even on the tire the clean wa not veri good better result with car wash sud"
"per anoth review an expir date give me a break mine arriv dec 2012 and they expir jul 2016 so i at least have 35 year to enjoy my purcha perhap the resin get brittl perhap that as long as the lawyer want to wait for a suitthey are also placard and to be fair note in the descript to be use with 29 tire max fine for car and trailer not usabl for motorhom which will typic start at 30 and go up from there the tight curv of the chock mean that the larger tire even a 30 or a 31 hit the top of the chock first and thi chock hard slick plastic will not grab a surfac like concret or asphalt so the tire just push the chock alongtoo bad realli becaus it a realli beefi chock with a great ergonom design allow you to easili grab it for insert or extract sad to say i dont think the basic purpo is function"
"thi is a wallpap seam roller i bought a plastic one at low for 2 buck u can get a rubber one for 6 buck at a hardwar store im sure thi roller doe work but 13 buck is crazi i beat the heck out of my 2 dollar one and it still go"
"my 6 year old mazda 6 25 liter gh 5 speed shift abrupt from 12 gear did tranni filter chang and drain fill 3x befor pour thi whole bottl in atf requir 85 liter no differ at all still shift hard howev it doesnt make the shift wor so ill give it 2 star for wast my though it a cheap gambl"
"thi gaug is accur and easi to read but it is veri difficult to get a good seal there is no rubber insid the stem and you have to get the right angl to get a good seal in the meantim air is escap and it a game to get the tire pressur right where you want it"
"i bought thi tire gaug a a littl over two month ago the first few time i use it it perform admir it ergonom with a clear lcd display that gave a fast preci readingfast forward to the end of june after on three use and be store in my glove compart otherwi the gaug is now wild off after read the tire on my truck as 32 psi four week ago plug it in today regist 415 psi i thought mayb it wa the heat weve had thi past week but a chang of 95 psi seem a littl high so i test it with two other tire gaug which read 33 and 335 psi respect i use a pump with a manual gaug to drain a tire and inflat it to 33 psi but when i test the tire with thi gaug it read it first as 415 psi and ten second later as 40 psiperhap i got a dud but ani gaug that off by that much so soon rai a red flag for me ill be look for my next tire gaug elsewh"
"we bought thi at canadian tire and within a year or so the tire gaug split lengthwi along the seam make it useless as the air just leak out the side and doesnt measur the pressur i give it one star for lack of durabl it not like we use it daili so mayb 10 use"
"i purcha thi tire gaug becua i want a digit display gaug that provides1 psi resolut while the accutir ms4021b gener doe the job there are twoannoy featur that should be chang 1 batteri cannot be replac by the user2 on some valv stem the accutir ms4021b doe not make a seal to get an accur readingref 1 you have to send the gage in to the manufactur who will replac the batteri free of charg howev their turnaround time is more than two week and i had to call their servic depart both time i had batteri replac to get a replac tire gaugefurthermor the batteri do not last more than a year or so but i use tha gaug on a week basi for all my vehiclesref 2 thi appear to be due to the chuck design ie the contact pin doe notprotrud far enough to allow a posit seal on some valv stemsi am still search for a digit tire gaug that allow the user to replac the batteri"
"do not wast your money bough a mid grade 34full size34 digit gaug and found thi one to be off by 5lb"
"well it work look i expect a product to be user friendlythi one is awkward to put on the valv and then read it doe not alway give you a good readout the first tri i will have to check the valv two or three time to get a proper read by time you do four tire your knee are shot the digit read out is not veri bright either all and all i am look for a better gaug lot of folk like it though that is way i tri it so it up to youof cour if your are young enough and have good eye and knee thi is probabl just right for you good luck"
"i like other review wa unabl to get a wide enough posit for the laser to reach the center dash of both car i had to dremel out the surround of one of the laser to get it to go to the right posit for my garag ceil height other than that it work fine and is a moder improv over the tenni ball methodupdateaft instal thi devic for a month we have notic both laser are get pretti dim a few time i have complet miss see them on my dashboard and pull the car too far luckili i use a brick as a safeti stop under the tire or el i would have nick the wall short product life"
"junk watch the video on youtub it effortless to get off"
"i tri thi out twice as per the instruct didnt make much differ at all should have just kept my 20"
"paint wa thick and didnt spray on veri even at all wa tri to tint fog light and just didnt work"
"i order one of these for my 2008 saturn vue packag mark for 2008 vue but item did not work contact storefront who fullfil order for amazon and wa refer to curt mfg to obtain return number then had to contact seller again got a refund but i purcha a replac from a local dealer seller later report a wrong item number wa somehow in the packag"
"i want good qualiti and these were the highest price cover list on amazon they said on 4 set leftord soon i order the correct size and part number the correct size and part wa on the receiptinvo when they arriv 19 day later but they sent cover for a 13 wheel i need 28 when i contact amazon they said my size wa no longer avail so they sent these are you kid me 13 cover for 28 wheel who made thi decisiona monkeyso i sent it back for a refund i couldnt tell if the cover were good qualiti caus i never open the box what a major let down after wait almost 3 week i went to a local camper store and got a set there the next day sometim save a few buck just aint worth it"
"schumach sem1562a 15 amp speed charg maintainerwel worth the pricedo exact what it is suppo to doupdat after use thi charger less than 5 mo to maintain my rv which is seldom driven i have found that becaus of the charger fail to cycl back to the charg mode proper the batteri that it wa hook to wa stone dead now ill do some research to find out the annoy process of return the charger for warrantyupd i have contact the manufactur schumach concern the failur of thi charger but after 3 week have receiv no respon and it doesnt look like i am go to so i guess ill just take the loss of make a bad choic and trash it btw i am use two chicago electr on board charger one on my jeep and the other on my mercuri sabl both are give veri good servic and are less expen than the schumach or the batteri tender"
"had it for a week doe what it say it doe but make absolut sure the clip dont touch anyth when it attach posit allig clip got close to inner hood liner and burn flame up burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didnt blow the liner out i freak my vehicl would have gone poof pilot error bad design who knowsedit just call schumach and theyr replac it no problem up my rate from a to thank schumach"
"ive sent back two of these and both have fail talk about cheap junk dont waist your money i now own a geniu g3500 35amp and it kick big time butt"
"anoth review mention thi charger put out 150v in agm mode and that too mani volt for some agm batteri and it caus hi to outga reduc the batteri life my optima yellow top agm batteri is rate for 15v charg so i thought thi charger would be okay for it but the charger i got put out 155v i did find spec that say 156v regul voltag is okay for rapid charg on my batteri but they dont defin what rapid charg mean they do say with 156v to charg until current drop below 1 amp which i think mean you can do 156v until the batteri get closer to be charg and stop accept high amperag unfortun thi charger doe the exact opposit start at lower voltag and increa to 155v around when it decid the batteri is at 90 charg which seem to equat to about 126 or 127v on my batteri the charger keep output 155v until the batteri is fulli charg which may take hour so it seem unlik that good for most batteri and im pretti sure it against the charg spec on my batteri note that the charger show 154v on it readout but my volt meter show it actual 155vnevertheless i let it keep do 155v and check period to make sure the batteri wasnt hot it never even felt warm and an ir temperatur gun read 86f max and wasnt hiss hiss would mean it wa overcharg and relea ga perman reduc it life it took almost exact 12 hour for the charger to decid it wa 100 charg and go into mainten mode but when it did it pick 124v agm batteri are suppo to be charg at around 136v for mainten float charg so i have no idea whi it pick 124v i left it on for anoth hour and it actual reduc the voltag to 123 at which point i took it off the charger volt meter said the batteri wa at 1231vi cant decid if thi charger is broken ha a weird charg algorithm or is actual veri smart i say that becaus my batteri wa discharg to about 35v a few week ago well below the voltag it design to be discharg to it a deep cycl but even deep cycl dont toler discharg below 50 and even below 105v may hurt them so it now damag and wont hold the full 136v it suppo to instead if i leav it on the charger at 155v for an hour it hit 128v and then quick lose charg to 125v in about 30 minut so mayb the charger somehow figur that out and decid that 124v wa full charg on my damag batteri so that what it use as it float charg i dont see how it could determin that if the batteri wa 128v or higher after the long 155v charg but who knowsi also dont know if 154v is realli bad for my batteri or for the averag agm i spent awhil research but couldnt find ani real authorit inform just a bunch of peopl theoriz sinc it abov the 15v standard charg on the batteri spec sheet i dont think it a good thing but then again i also found research nrel dot govvehiclesandfuelsenergystoragepdfsevs17prespdf show that serious overvolt a yellow top batteri to 17v under certain condit actual increa it life so i dont know what to think but im lean toward think it a bad thing to go against the manufactur spec sheet unless your in a lab use special chargerswhat i do know is that the desulfin featur on thi charger didnt do a thing for my damag batteri in fact i dont think it even kick in i connect the charger to a small seal lead acid batteri that i left unus for too long and it went into desulfin mode i think the manual doesnt say how your suppo to know for over 8 hour pump 168v into the batteri until it said bad bat on it screen and stop charg in all that time the batteri never show over 15 charg on the charger though it did end up hold about 109v in my onlin research it wa mention in a few place that there are no studi show desulfin actual work so im pretti dubiou about it it definit didnt work on either of my batteriesit wa also interest to note that the seal lead acid batteri never got warm which i find rather curiou consid how long it wa put in such a high voltag i had the charger connect to a killawatt meter and it show the charger wa pull on 015amp and 9watt and thi is in 2amp charg mode so mayb the charger is smart enough to use low amperag when it use high voltag and that prevent the batteri from get damag when it wa push 154v to my agm batteri it wa on draw 035amp and it actual reduc the amp to 029 as it got closer to 100 charg so mayb that protect the batteri from overvoltag damag but i dont know enough to be sure mayb a batteri expert will chime in in the commentsanoth import thing to consid is that desulfin mode could damag your car electron if you dont remov the batteri from the car to charg it 168v is more than most car were design to handl and i found someon mention that bmw warn not to use charger that do thing like that so it definit a concern i dont know if i feel comfort use thi charger again without remov the batteri from the car some charger claim to somehow magic detect the presenc of car electron and limit their voltag but thi charger say noth about that in it manualoth than all that the design of the charger is nice wire fit into a pocket beneath the retract handl it will show you the batteri voltag on it readout until you tell it to start charg although it read 01 to 02v lower than my volt meter which is annoy a button let you toggl between display of voltag or batteri percent it let you choo standard agm and gel cell and choo from three rate of charg the slower 2a charg rate is suppo to be better for mani batteri so use 2a or 6a if you arent in a hurri i tri both those mode and it still put out 155v in 6a mode but it put out 153v in 2a modesinc thi is a dedic 12v charger you dont have to worri about it autodetect actual automisdetect your discharg 12v batteri as a 6v and never charg it past 6v which is a problem with far too mani charger these daysdespit it nice control and smart form factor i give thi charger a low rate becaus i think it tri to push some batteri beyond their limit in the name of charg them as quick or as fulli as possibl one review said it caus hi agm to outga and anoth said it burnt out hi batteri after a few month of trickl charg mode if you have the right brand of batteri that can handl thi charger output and your batteri isnt damag it probabl fine but the fact that it can damag thing and may even damag car electron in desulfin mode strike me as veri bad design especi given that desulfin seem like more of a market ploy than a valuabl featur i also dont like that it volt meter read 01 to 02v under actual voltag"
"i use thi on the back window of my jeep grand cherok it doe not flex enough to have full contact on the window it on ha about 834 of contact i will not purcha thi again"
"it wa quiet and smooth for about 2 month in raini seattl it not particular great it squeak now the plastic 34booty34 that cover the arm i guess suppo to work to prevent snow from clog the wiper but did it help mehhard to say the end of the wiper have some red plastic cap on them and it veri distract to see someth red swoosh in front of my face in the rain whi couldnt they use black capsim go to look for a tripl blade wiper blade which work better"
"09192012 not delight with thi product perfect fit for jeep command i own product were new in manufactur packag buy them from amazoncom save me time and effort i instal them within minut of open the ship contain readi to go within two minut great servic but the end result after on 90 day of use is veri dissappointing1242013 noth i do will make these wiper blade lay flat on the windshield and thi leav unclear mess right in the driver view area im replac them with piaa super silicon blade i expect the piaa will perform better in the washinton dc area ive use the anco winter blade befor without problem but these unit have a seriou problem in cold below 20 degr f weather the rubber case around the mechan get stiff and the blade will not stay flat against the windshield when it move off the curv rest posit of the windshield thi leav an unclear area in the middl of the driver view not a good thing i will not use them again we have had sever warm winter in middleatl coast area so i didnt experi thi issu befor the rubber case to keep the ice and snow out of the wiper mechan is a good idea but it just doesnt work sad"
"i actual bought these from a local auto part store thi wa about a year ago it start rain out of no where and my old blade were not help right out of the box these work ok within a few month they were streak by the time the wet season end they were total ineffect they actual made thing wor"
"these blade did not last a month befor i had to get new onesi no thi ha been a harsh winter in nyc but the regular wiper blade last longernot recommend"
"dont buy thi rear wiper for a 1st gener xb it will not fit get oem or a wiper from elsewh"
"veri cheap blade mine start chatter in 1 week and i return them buy a qualiti motorcraft or similar blade amazon ha the best custom servic and took them back"
"the worst blade i have ever use i assum the first one wa defect so amazon replac it the 2nd one wa just as bad about 30 of the blade did not contact the glass so a huge portion of the windshield wa never touch"
"amazon page show thi will fit a 2002 toyota highland and i doubl check that with the anco web sitehowev thi blade will not fit a 2002 toyota highland nor would it fit other toyota with the rear blade that ha a wider than normal base where the blade attach to the shafti wrote 3 time to anco and parent compani ask them to explain whi their list is incorrect they never respond backi later purcah the trico 12a it did fit my 02 highland"
"i use for 1 day and and it destroy itself with a pine needl now i get streak where the pine needl or ani other item i assum ha been drag so unless you are meticul and clean your blade befor you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immedi anytim ani item may fall onto your window do not buy these unless you do not mind streak the damag is perman not on when the item is still on the window"
"so i pour in a good amount and mix it with water in the bucket there is a lot of sud but then when i appli it to the car the sud dont carri overto me soap is just soap howev thi soap ha a nice smell to itit doesnt remov dirt or debri ani better than the next soap howev i use to use rain x with carnauba wax and that wa a great car wash soap it left my car shini after wash and thi i have to wax it after i bought thi at costco for like 12 dollar and it last me quit a while i wouldnt go back to thi as it doesnt wax my car also it dri fair quick for some reason and leav a soap residu"
"difficult to appli and gooey made a mess after i am done use thi up i will be go back to my spray from meguiar which is great and last"
"so i recommend thi to clean your tire but it will strip the wax coat off the rim and leav the rim realli dri"
"no protect for liquid so it leak all over the place wa just place in a box 20 time the size with brown paper on top as they use up and up doe not handl with care thi tend to happen so i am out of my moni as will not allow return on thi product and it wa damag in shippment"
"i have not read anyon review but i can tell you i bought a dozen of these what a wast i ise them on aluminum plastic and chrome rim and the brake dust doe not disolv loosen etcwat and scrub work better find anoth product"
"i love meguiar product but thi wheel cleaner wa a wast of money it realli did not clean the wheel as suggest dont wast your money"
"ive use thi on two car and im not sure it actual better than the soap and water wash i gave the tire and wheel befor appli it just seem like fanci spray bottl of soap"
"im gener a big fan of the meguiar product and use them for wash dri wax etc got thi think it would be a good addit to the lineup howev not on doe it not realli add much to the over look but the applic method is all wrongthi product come as a spray and is design as per the instruct to spray right onto the tire after do so it doe make the area where appli shini but the applic is uneven and even then becaus it a mist it goe everywh onto the paint the wheel etc which is bad so you end up have to use someth like a paper towel or a cloth to spread the product even which end up remov most of the product and make a mess over then the shine is gonethi product would be better made as a bottl that is made to appli to a pad or some other appli tool as the spray is too difficult to control to get it on on the tiressinc even it out also mean remov most of the shine whatev soak in leav a dull but darker look so in the end the best it wa abl to do wa darken the tire slight the product briefli mention protect qualiti so a star for that but it seem like an afterthought in the adverti materi so im somewhat doubt about that so over thi product doesnt seem worthwhil it more troubl than it worth it basic made a mess made the tire darker but duller look and made the logoslettersnumb on the tire less visibl which in the end made it look less cool than befor so i wont be use thi particular product againoth meguiar product are great but thi one is not an essenti it seem like a veri nich product that one would on need for special photo shoot etc in a control environ but not as an everyday car polish tool"
"the meguiar hot shine high gloss tire spray is not impress when i spray the tire shine on my tire i find myself have to go back after about 5 minut and wipe it down with a towel becaus it leav drip line down the tire kind of like if you put too much paint onto someth and it leav run the consist is equivel to regular grade milk it is not a gel consist anoth issu i ran into is i will let the spray dri on the tire for approxim 301 hour and i still notic that it shoot up on the side of my car make spot on my rear bumper and front door after drive i like use the gel type of tire shine better that you brush on it flow on better without leav streak or run and it stick better to the tire not the side of your car one last thing i notic is when i spray the tire shine on my tire it leav a dark crescent shape on my driveway that last for month not a big deal but it anger me that it stick better to my black asphalt driveway than my tire"
"i purcha some much thicker microfibr towel as these one just arent thick enough to soak up suffici water these are now releg to clean the window and wipe down the interior"
"after dri my black car a few time with thi towel it perform no better than ani other towel ive ever use sure it hold a lot of water but that is part of the problem it doesnt easili wring out so after just a few swipe it is complet satur with water anyth that i dri with it after it becom wet leav huge water streak mark behind unless i follow up with anoth dri towel my best result have been a tradit chamoi that is easi to wring and doesnt leav streak behind after the first pass"
"onc it get wet there isnt much you can do about wring it out it titl is true i do not know whi some give five star to thi product is veri difficult to use it might not have use it and lie so bad that confus buyer becaus they believ that have five star is a good product but it is not true i recommend the pva chomu i have one for seven year and work extrem well"
"let me state up front i wa my car a lot and i mean a lot two to three time a week or more i normal use soft cotton bath towel and chang them out as i go so i alway have one semi dri towel to remov the last bit of water i dont have problem with thi method as i clean my towel often and keep my car wax so the system work well for me no scratch or swirlsbuti thought i might be miss someth so i got one of these towel and frank i realli cant see the point while it might be softer than a normal cotton or terrycloth towel and doe soak up a lot of water it pretti much stay wet after that you can wring it out but it just spread water after the initi use no matter how much you wring it if your go to use it as a first pass to soak up the major of the water then i guess it okay but as your car start to dri you end up put more water down then wa there when you start unless you have a bunch of these towel so you can alway have a dri one it not ani better than the method i use nowi just dont get the point or valu in use these towel and theyr pretti small too i dont know that it will ever be part of my normal car wash routin but it unlik it a nice towel so i might find some other use for it as some pointi cant recommend thi to anyon for it intend purpo just use some good soft bath towel and save your money"
"meguiar ha alway had great product so i thought id tri it and compar it to my vike microfib waffl weav dri towel it doesnt realli comparefar less absorb and too small i can dri my whole rang rover with the vike thi bare made it past the 2nd quarter panel"
"to be honest the towel wasnt realli that water magnet i person find my old towel would do a much better job"
"no luck with thi meguiar product it doe just okay when dri the paint after i wash my car but the glass is anoth sad stori"
"i wa look for a nice towel and after read these review i wa convinc to buy thi product im disappoint becaus im meguiar fan and i wa sure that would be a nice product it doe not abborb the water as announc"
"bought thi despit the poor review figur mayb sinc most of the review were older that they may have improv the towel sinc then nope quit possibl the worst towel ive ever use it basic just push the water around on my car and soak up some of it but doesnt realli dri the car it just smear it around until the water evapor into the air my old beach towel work 100x better and i thought meguiar wa suppo to sell good qualiti product live and learn i guess"
"thi product is so inferior to griot that it is not funni look meguiar make great car wax product thi is probabl a product they sub out and then add a make up too it too thin to small just all togeth beneath the reput of meguiar product line as a dri cloth not veri good at all as a wax remov cloth just not good enough listen if you detail your engin compart these are just fine if you are not a car person these are go to be good enough for you realli but if you are fussi about your car wax it detail it these would be the product you want to use for wheel engin and door jam i alreadi own them so that is what i will use them for same a an old hous towel would be use if that is what you are look for look no further these will do but for dri or wax removalnot"
"i use it to wax my daughter car it fell apart befor i finish appli wax wa veri dissatisfi with thi meguiar product"
"amazon said it fit a 2007 honda element but the element wiper arm is not a j hook amazon need to fix their wizard thi make me hesit to purcha other auto part from them"
"accord to the select process it show that thi product fit my car i have had troubl make thi fit for my car again with all my review i research more than the averag person and thu far i had to put the old wiper blade back on my car sorri i hate give bad review but thi is what i feel"
"the three year old bosch wiper wa squeak becaus itd turn stiff and wouldnt flip over on the opposit stroke i replac it with rainx the wiper streak along it entir length after instal when i use my windshield washer id hope that in a heavi rain it would clean up and work well wrong it got wor and my visibl wa so poor that i felt that drive wa danger luckili i didnt have far to go befor i could chang it ive alway like the rainx liquid so felt that i could trust the brand mayb i got a bad one but ive never had thi happen with other brand i wont chanc buy these again"
"didnt last veri long in the florida sun not impress with ani of the rainx product wouldnt buy again prood that a good market plan can sell even an inferior product"
"purcha a set of these wiper for my wife rav 4 march of 2012 as raini season wa about over decid to keep them in the garag until a coupl of day ago instal them easilyfir them up to tri themwindshield wa wet from morn dew streak badlyhowev drove off with them on as wa in a hurri and felt that i would deal them laterlat yesterday got a bit of rain turn them on they streak so bad that almost unabl to see at allth left side far wor than right sidewindshield is clean and smoothno rough or defectstoday i call rainx support 18004161600 and spoke to a ladi name adriantold her of my issu she ask when purcha i said march 2012 and instal a coupl of day ago she then said that there blade were on good for 6 to 12 month i told her that had been store she ask if in temperatur control environ i said in the garag where temp never exc 85 degr and were kept in origin packag in a dark closet she said that wa the problemi told here that the origin wiper on the toyota rav 4 were 3 year old and still function better than rainx that were 6 month old store properlynot expo to element and never use and yet were far wor in smear of windshield than the old originalssh then told me that they have 90 day warranti and with receipt i could return i said that i purcha 6 month ago and had kept for when i would need them she said that wa too bad and there wa noth that could be donethat my improp storag wa whi they failedi ask her if 3 year old origin that had been use and bake in the sun and element were superior to rainx blade that had been store proper for 6 month and unus she said that she wa not suggest that at alla an asidemad in korea assembl in chinacannot understand whi rainx even provid a custom support numbera there certain is no support here if adrian wa my employ i could can her as she truli is ineptlik the worst product that ive ever purcha"
"car wax seem to have a fair amount of sizzl and hype includ at no extra chargeaft use both product i prefernu finish liquid car polishzymol is much less durabl than nu finish accord to consum report test nov 2011 about twice the cost see note 1 shelf life is not as good see note 2if your time count for anyth durabl is a big deal same protect fewer wax past wax altern these past wax are even more durabl accord to the cr reportnu finish past car polishorturtl wax t465 8 oz ice polish past note note 1 amazon price for nu finish swing most between 7 and 11 walmart ha it for about 8 thi compar with about 16 for zymolth an onlin price alert that will email you whenev thi or ani amazon product dip below your target price googl it it nice done or tri camemcamelcamelnot 2 shelf life i have bottl of nu finish and also zymol from about 6 year ago the zymol is separ into graini chunk and thin liquid hard to rehomogen but the nu finish is perfect good"
"these littl thing are realli cool so i would recommend them if you dont mind drill out your plate mount i just wonder what kind of idiot would use larger screw in their product than the us standard"
"stop got thi to take out the front side oxygen sensor on my 2002 ford crown vic polic interceptor p71 it doe not fit no way no how get a 78 combo wrench or one of those fanci pant combo wrench with the split socket at one end my sensor werent even that tight"
"it is a cheap steel receiv tow hook noth morea retain clip to keep the strap in the hook should have been includ at the veri least otherwi ani slack might make your tow strap pop out or wor yet stab your strap over the end of the hook and rip iti have done a lot of pull vehicl recoveri and offroad drive ive seen everi scari unimagin tow method and ive seen peopl use thing that were not design for pull like cabl and chain misus of these item can serious injur and kill peopl as well as do major damag to vehicl becaus when you put thousand of pound of stress on a tow line and sudden it break or let loo it shoot straight back in the opposit direct and will go right through windshield radiat plastic sheet metal and bystandersif you want someth to keep in your trunk in case you ever get stuck in a ditch or if you even think your an offroad gear up for the trail dont buy thisfram mount clevi point are the safest bet but if you dont have that luxuri at least buy a receiv clevi mount with a close eye and a screwpin clevisoth safeti advic from expertson use a soft nylon tow strap rate at least twice your vehicl weightnev use a strap with builtin hook or metal eyeletsnev use chainnev use wire rope cablei knew the danger when i bought it but im not use it for tow or emerg recoveri and i know how to and not to use it"
"i bought thi to pull small log and brush around our farm i got stuck in a creek bed which wa much softer than i thought my 96 ford f250 diesel weigh over 7500lb with an extra fuel tank on it it is a heavi truck but it no semi or anyth i got pull out by some guy in a smaller nissan pickup which wa light enough not to sink in the creek they took a roll start of five feet not more which complet straighten out the hook i dont know if i got one that somehow miss the temper process but what a piec of just for more background the 10 foot tow strap wa rate at 5000lb so the forc requir to straighten thi hook wa less than that it might as well have been made from aluminum i cant complain too much at under 20 but i thought smittybuilt meant qualiti i wasnt take a 20mph go at a stump or anyth im glad that i could attach my strap to the frame easili enough if it had been an emerg situat id have been bugger"
"i receiv it as a gift a few week ago and am sell it againth is no real benefit of have such a unitfirst the mount is an issu as you have the cabl run across your dashboard have a second plug on the right side is interf with gear shift and whatev control you have in your center consol it would be better to have a plug on the left side use the one in the back make the cabl run all across the dashboard no thank yousecond besid the tachomet if you dont have one what data readout do you realli need realli need noth exact code can be red out by ani auto place for free and what are you do if your convert speed is at a certain speed exact see what i mean okay volt mayb but just maybeth unit sent back to scangaug for test doe hard come on by itself so you dont realli know if ani of the fueltrip data is accur thi make it alreadi question and therefor i do not have ani use for itso for us it is anoth item where we have to question it qualiti and reliabilityless than 1 month old contact me if you want it i take of 20 right away"
"befor purcha thi item i call the manufactur to be sure it did what i want they said it would but it did not i call them back and they said it wa capabl of what i want but i would have to program it for it to work not what you read on the packag not what the manufactur said and direct so poor i could not bege to program it and im a geek"
"the grea is perfect the thing that bother me is that i use thi one time veri gentli i may add and the tube that it in got a bunch of littl pin hole in it and now the grea leak out in my tool box to make matter wor i open the tool box the other day and the cap had split in two so now there even more leak out i thought i could buy thi and keep it around for futur use but now i am go to have to throw it away after use just a tini bit on my spark plug wire what a bummer"
"i start out veri happi with these but see updat at the end of the reviewth hatch on my 2002 grand cherok develop a nasti habit of fall on my head becaus the strut were start to lose their lift power i bought two of these and in about 20 minut the problem wa solv they have been instal for about a month and seem to be work just fineinst wa easi the old strut were held by two bolt on each strut onc they were remov the new one pop could be screw in you may have to hold the tailgat as far open as possibl to instal the struta coupl tip from the installation1 get a helper much easier if someon hold up the tailgat while you are tri to replac these2 you will need a torx bit not sure of the size but it wa the largest one in my kit3 the exist bolt are on pretti tight a drop of penetr oil on the screw made it easier to remov the bolts4 my torx kit on had a cheap screwdriv handl to hold the torx bit i end up destroy thi handl becaus the exist screw were in so tight it is probabl worth buy a ratchet wrench setup befor you start5 one tip when instal the new strut it help if you snug up the upper screw first thi slight lift the strut make it easier to line up the bottom screwhop that help the whole process wa actual pretti easi if you can use a socket wrench you can do thisupd 9913after 7 month of rel light use i open the tailgat rough 3 time per week my opinion of these ha gone from 5 to 1 star they still work but they make so much noi i am asham to open my tailgat within 100 yard of peopl open or close the gate will result in a veri loud screech from both strut not an annoy littl squeak but a veri lout annoy nailsonachalkboard screechi have tri a film of oil silicon spray and creativ languag but noth will remov the screechi final track down the strongarm supplier avm industri and left an email messag on their custom servic websiteupd 92413i guess after 2 week they have no intent of repli to their email i call their tech support number 8007905438 no answer but left messageupd 92513anoth phone call anoth messag still no answer backupd 92613i pass the amazon 30 day window and thought i wa stuck but i contact amazon custom servic and told them my stori within an hour i receiv a repli and amazon is take them back and provid a refundso a happi end but i will never touch anoth product made by avm industriesupd 101613got my refund less a 20 restock fee chalk up 750 to experienceand final 101813after contact amazon custom servic again the refund my restock fee"
"bought two of these for my 2003 grand cherok limit one fit well but the other wa longer i couldnt compress the piston enough to fit it and tri to screw it in end up snap the metal make it useless i put the stock lift support back in and now i have one new and one old it open better but still not veri good"
"i have been wash all my car for year with turtl wax car wash and have alway been satisfi with thi turtl wax productswhen i bought thi product turtl wax zip carwax i wa realli disappoint about it wash perform the 34concentrate34 in the bottl is veri wateri to begin with no comparison to turtl wax origin zip car wash even though i use 1 fl oz 30 ml with a bucket of water thi product doe not gener ani sud becaus of thi it is tough to get grime and dirt off you have to scrub realli hardi am baffl that thi product ha so mani posit review mayb turtl wax recent ha chang the formula for thi product and i got the newest version"
"meguiar quik is cheap which is great as long as your interior is alreadi pretti clean it ha no intrin clean power of it own beyond that of water in other word it will clean exact as well as a damp cloth ani dirt that cant be lift with a damp cloth will stay put it doe have a nice scent which dissip in a matter of hour youll probabl want a more effect product if your car get a lot of use andor carri mani passeng"
"i use a lot of meguir product thi product turn my dash board splotchi and brown in spot i went over the cart a few time to make sure the product wa be absorb even it made no differ the plastic on my consol shifter indic also turn blotchi i wait a day and then went over everyth with meguiar 40 vinyl and rubber condit and everyth turn out great i believ the 40 is a much better product at least on my car i call meguir and told them what happen they told me the 40 ha as much uv protect as the quick detail they had no explan as to whi i had bad resultsth plastic on my consol is still blotchi but i will tri some plastic len polish to tri and fix that just glad i didnt use thi on my instrument panel"
"i bought a set of these ramp and they flat out dont work on my 2010 dodg ram 1500 4x2 in my garag andor on an asphalt park lot they dont stay put when i drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoot them along i have to hold them in place by use rubber floor mat andor wood stopper ye they have the rubber feet on their base but they dont hold hate themand wouldnt buy them again i return them"
"i bought thi stuff for my 1947 willi jeep the transfer casetransmiss ha develop a nasti leak recent and i hope thi product would help i ad a full bottl to the transfer case which wa leak the most and a bit to the transmiss sump they are interconnect but have separ fill and drain hole it wa veri difficult to get into the fill hole becaus of the visco of the stuff about the consist of molass i drove around today about 40 mile or so and both the transfer case and the transmiss still leak about the same as when i put it in i cannot recommend thi product for anyon tri to fix a leaki transmiss"
"appear to be honda civic compat but after use lubegard i have found a stark differ better with lubegard luca work but it slow down shift about a 2 second delay and i had to gun the engin to get that power transfer up a hill or long shallow inclin lubegard transfer power to the civic veri quick i suspect that the reason is becaus lubegard is veri thin and luca is too thick and tacki mayb it will work for you in a much more posit way but not for me i am surpri that other review are say that it make shift better i will assum they never compar it to lubegard so they would have known what smooth realli is like i did or perhap it realli shift better base on the particular car make and degr of tranni damag so in all fair i cannot knock those review but you can tri lubegard i stand by it if you want smoother shift doe not stop leak if you have ani conclus i delet my initi review in favor of lubegard lubegard is clear a better product but not all their other product are superior though luca work soso i took off two star after i found anoth product that work better no i do not work for them or sell their product i just love to tell peopl about great discoveri"
"thi product doe not work exact how luca say it doe i use thi in a detroit engin that wa not burn oil befor i use it but afterward wasi have talk with mani driver truck driver who have use thi with the same result i will never touch anoth luca product thi stuff is a sham and a wast of a driver hard earn money if you want to do someth good for your engin use synthet engin oil"
"i want to save a few buck and paint instead of buy calip cover i know paint prep is import for thi type of job and spend at least 30 min on each wheel i also follow the temperatur and cure time close i use 3 to 4 coat on each calip within the week there where multipl larg chip flake off"
"thi digit tire gaug drain batteri even if you are not use iti check my tire onc a month but i alreadi have to chang batteri about onc per yearth gaug still use power to memori the preset of tire pressur come to think about it thepreset memori is useless if you have 2 differ car becaus it on can memori one front and one back tire set the 2032 lithiumx2 batteri is not cheap i expect it should last at least 5 year"
"i must have misunderstood how thi siphon work i have never been abl to get it work at all i have tri everi possibl method and no luck i understand how graviti work but appar thi devic doesnt if you get it to work more power to you"
"i had a time tri to keep the connect from leak as you tighten the connector on it would torqu the hose and it would unwind and loosen the connector caus a leak i end up put a pressur regul on that had a rotat connector it allow the hose to untorqu itself without unscrew the connector"
"found thi danger for my 29 airstream it fine for level park but dont use thi on slope grade trust me on thi one for smaller lighter camper im sure thi would be ideal"
"i bought thi jack stand to replac the assort of wood block that i use under the front tongu of our 20 camper weight about 500lb when park at the storag lot or while out camp by the second season the base had fatigu and crack in a circular manner and by the third season i had to remov it from servic becaus i felt it would not safe hold the weight of the tongu i wa pretti disappoint consid how much i spent and inconveni is wa to store away ive move on to the 34flipfoot34 jack exten"
"when i bought thi product i thought great i wont need to bring heavi cinder block with me anymor well i wa wrong the top is too narrow for my jack to go on safe when i put the camper on it it seem way to unstabl"
"use it on a surfac on my bmw 328ic near the trunk area i had 2 littl spot approx 1x234 on the left and right that had rust form under the rubber gasket i brush of the rust with a dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and use thi on top let dri for a day befor repaint and appli clear coat it doe not seem to penetr the littl rust remain as other product i use 34rostegal34 from germani mani mani year i live there and that ha been the best product so far you use it onc and just know it work with thi veri liquid product i am not so sure it did not even seem to 34stick34 veri well to vertic surfac for the next job i will look for a 34thicker34 product that will cling more to the treat area"
"i realiz that there are testimoni for thi product actual do what it say it will do i have not had an occa to need it in an emerg and i hope that i never do it doe not inspir confid it feel like someth that would be includ in a child toy tool set extrem lightweight direct state you must hit the window in a specif locat good luck with that in an emerg i wa hope for a tool with enough weight which ad to accel would break the window again i have not use it and i will not trust it in an emerg so i will be look for a better product i do not recommend thi itemat ani cost"
"i had higher hope for thi but for the cost i guess i shouldnt haveunit is light about the weight of a candi bar is how it feel in your hand the cutter ha a horribl entri angl youd think in an emerg your tendenc while use thi would be to pull straight up but thi is angl at more of a 45 degr angl so that wont work quit as well thing have a habit of get caught and fold over with my testingbut the mount oh my it just horribl in everi respect there a littl sheet insid that recommend use sticki back velcro to mount it but the back is hollow with just a few thin line of plastic that the velcro sticki side could even stick to no way there near enough surfac contact for that to be even remot feasibl there are screw mount but not mani peopl want to drill screw through their car interior then it a realli tight pull to get thi thing out of it hard what id want to have to deal with in an emerg tri to pull thi out have the whole thing come out becaus the velcro sticki back couldnt adher to the base at all then tri to pull thi out of the base while im fumbl to pull both side apart from each other while theoret in an emerg situat in which i may be in a dead situat or addl becaus of an impact or airbag deploymentgo to look for a better solut sinc thi one clear is not it"
"i use royal purpl synthet in my last truck for a few year until they start ask arm leg and first born children for the oil i did my homework and start read report of independ lab test i found out that royal purpl rank below mobil 1 and amsoil i switch to the best oil made amsoil and never look back"
"dont buy thi unit buy camco 39062 rv dual flush pro hold tank rinser with gate valv instead thi unit will let you back flush but guess what happen when you want to disconnect the hosei guess it on good for connect a hose for extend the drain"
"after the batteri is most charg thi charger goe to 164 volt and start boil the electrolyt normal when batteri is most charg the voltag should not go that high the charger did not switch to a float mode either as it wa suppo toto make sure it is not a batteri issu i tri to use thi charger on 3 differ batteri and saw the same result charger at 164 volt and boil electrolyt if i wa not keep a close eye on the charger it would have destroy my batteri by boil out all electrolyt i thought thi thing is smart and automaticdid i also mention that one time i wa tri to use the chargers abov for result it wa make a lot of loud noi becaus of a constant run cool fan"
"i wa expect a better charger i could not recommend it to ani onep it work ok but it ha a cheap look to it"
"i plan on use thi unit to charg my auto batteri and then leav it on trickl charg howev it ha a fan which constant run and will wear out just like the fan in the pc do i dont know but i also bet that if the fan bear fail and the blade wont spin the charger microprocessor will not oper for safeti reason realli poor product design to use up fan life when you want to trickl charg a batteri over the winter"
"i tri to charg my car batteri and it show 12v at 40 so after four hour it show 12v at 100 i remov the cabl and after 30 minut it show 121v at 52 and after two hour it wa at 100 let it sit again and it wa 123v at 71 i test the voltag at time while charg and it never went abov 125v i do not believ that thi is a reliabl charger so i return it for a older model se5212a i have use midtron product so i understand the microprocessor and there quirk but noth beat the old tri and true charg that have metal case and transform do yourself a favor and dont buy thi it junk ps it 312 amp not 3612 amp thi charger work if you have a batteri that is weak but if your batteri is under 9 volt you have to keep unplug it and start over and over until it reach a threshold to maintain it the cool fan doe not run all the time and the unit over heat and then i would have to let it cool down and start over again"
"i purcha thi to charg and maintain batteri but the unit i got doe not maintain at all and the cool fan never oper no matter what amp charg set connect to a car batteri i start charg and it show batteri is at 70 which is nice and after full charg at 100 the charger goe into chargemaintain mode but that where it stop work like other have reportedcam back to the batteri after two day and the batteri isnt charg and so i unplug the charger and plug it back in and it show batteri at 52 the batteri is connect to 4 10 watt led light that come on after dark for 6 hour so i expect thi charger to start charg when the batteri is down but that is not the case like how my last batteri chargermaintain work it on seem to charg and not maintain so it be return to amazondont trust it to keep a batteri maintainupd amazon replac charger and wa quick about itbut the new charger arriv doa and now on the way back to amazon for refund done with thi brand"
"i want to use thi to fill transmiss oil into the transmiss after perform a filter chang and drop the transmiss pan it broke not even after put 2 quart in the pan needless to say that i wa not happi as i had to walk to the next car store to buy a replac sinc i coudl not drive with on 2 quart in the tranni buy 2 or 3 to be on the safe side if one fail or use a differ solut to begin with i am use a funnel from now on in combin with a longer plastic tube go down from over the engin"
"first the good it seem well made pump veri easili and move a decent amount of fluid with each pumpth bad it say it fit quart contain but it would not screw on to my redlin quart bottl i also had a gallon jug to pump out which it did not fit on either and while do so the pick up tube drop off into the jug natur the tube is an odd size and noth i could find lay around the garag would fit on there so i end up cut off the top of the jug to retriev the tube so i could finish the job the end result wa quit a mess of gear oil all over the garag floor if you buy thi product make sure the bottom tube is push in place tight"
"pump work great but the deliveri leav a lot to be desir i should have realiz that the cc volum it deliv per pump wa go to take forev to empti a quart of fluid live and learn i will still use it but on when all el fail"
"honesti look like a toy realli is a toythi pump is too weak and it doesnt hold almost noth if you plan to buy check anoth bigger"
"thi didnt do what i need it to which wa to remov glue from my paint car i even heat the remnant of glue and still didnt work im disappoint"
"horribl materi i have to say that thi wa a total wast of money i would not recommend thi to my worst enemi ye i would"
"i bought these for my rv trailer they are too flimsi and thin for the weight ofmi trailer and the do not fit well under the tire the lip is guess you would call it is too thing to fit snug in place there is no string to help you remov or pull them away when pack up i am buy a differ set"
"what wa i think what wa i expect for 4 buck i thought i wa get a solid hard plastic productmayb i didnt read close enough instead i got cheap hollow thin wall plastic that isnt fit to chock a tricycl let alon a 100000 lb trailer these thing will oblit the first time a tire even come in contact your tongu jack and stabil are the on thing that will hold you dont even think about use them when you disconnect from your truck unless your on perfect level ground use a piec of fire wood these thing will crack like an egg in cold weather and melt like putti on ani day over 60 degr isnt there some sort of safeti standard for thi sort of product dont wast your moneywasnt even worth the time to return"
"these thing slip on a hard paint concret floor possibl ok on asphalt but not concret pass on them get someth el"
"had plan to drop these behind the wheel on the truck when we put the boat overbut they want to slip on the concret ramp as soon as the tire tread start to pushdoesnt seem to matter whether i plant them befor ea the tire back or hardplac them at the tire becaus as soon as enough drift happen the tire and chock move togeth"
"i wa expect a solid rubberlik product it look and feel like mould plastic seem to do the job though and it veri lightweightupd chang my mind forgot they were in place and roll my trailer right over the top of them crush them flat worthless in my opinion"
"for myself these might work on becaus my car is veri small and bare weigh 1800lb these are not solid they are a thinner plastic mayb 14 of an inch thick they do howev stack togeth nice to make it easier to store them i wouldnt recommend these to anyon not even a gocart racerwhen i seen rhinogear i imagin thick sturdi rubber chockblock not thin plastic cup"
"i brought thi product to my mechan to see if it is advi to add to my coolant while at servic he told me never use with aluminum radiat also there is noth wrong with my coolant system so he flush the system with distil water and ad toyota red coolant to a mix approxim 5050the mechan ad on royal purpl product he might use is brake fluid for it color so when you flush the brake system you can easier to tell the fluid is clear when purpl fluid start breed outi wa laugh read those review of swear up and down how good all the royal purpl product are those clown are veri like work for or own royal purpl"
"thi thing will mess up your water coolant pump for some reason due to the addit it ha it corrod aluminum part i had to replac mu thermostat and water pump on my 2012 jeep grand cherok royal purpl claim that thi addit is compat with all coolant includ mopar gmcetc i dont think so not from what i experienc i strong suggest you dont use thi product plu it did not make ani differ in cool although i had a 180f thermostat if you are look for better cool go other way such as upgrad radiat or differ thermostat rather than thi cheap product which can damag your coolant system"
"put thi in a envoy xuv with 17500 origin mile hope to mayb squeez a littl mpg base on the other review i read here on amazon what a crock did noth remot close to lower temp just lower my pocket book by 28 and chang becaus i bought 2 bottl base on purpl rep i had email tell me 1oz per quart of capac figur i would then put the rest in my wife accord temp is actual higher i email rep back and here is what he said im sorri that you have notic a temperatur drop as of yet but purpl ice will not caus an increa in oper temperatur wa thi vehicl run hot to begin with if so wa the root caus investigatedno radiat addit will caus an a thermostat control cool system to run consist colder than the thermostat setpoint the thermostat is there to help the engin warm up quick be restrict coolant flow until the coolant reach a certain temperatur that is it function if the coolant goe below that setpoint the thermostat close and the coolant begin to increa in temperatur until the tstat open againif you were not have overh problem whi did you purcha and use a product that is intend to allevi overh problem the product work as exact adverti if you would like the vehicl to run colder that the current tstat setpoint you may tri instal a cooler tstat purpl ice will help you vehicl achiev thi lower temperatur after the mechan restrict to such an end are removedin my opinion fal adverti and a snake oil product bewar"
"the inform on thi product state that thi item it will fit most rv not so not even close there is no way to even motifiy thi item to make it work wa a total wast of money ive had rv for over 40 year and have never even seen a gutter even close to what thi will fit not even worth send back due to the ship return charg be more that thi product cost would not recommend thi product to anyon to bad you have even give it one star in order to leav a review"
"it look good and good qualiti howev descript wa not clear you will need to unscrew the guter and then drill and then put back i did not even tri i had one befor that wa snap on much easier thi one i will not use itsorri"
"the instal wa pretti easi and the theori seem solid howev thi just doesnt work i tri multipl time with almost zero clean i would skip thi product"
"first of all when these work they are pretti use that said i bought 2 one for black water and one for grey and i test the spray nozzl on my garden hose befor instal on one seem to spin fair regular and even that one lock up on occa the one that wa lock up from the begin did spin if you twist it with your finger to give it a push but that obvious go to be imposs onc it installedi chose to instal them becaus even if they arent spin they spray water in an almost 360 degr dome of water so i specul that even if theyr lock up they will help dislodg solid and give your tank that extra rin we all need that said thi uniqu concept of a product is fatal flaw and doe not work reliabl as adverti oh and like other the clear hose that come with it wa also kink bad on both of them which restrict the flow of water quit a bitit an admir attempt by camco but similar to other product from them it hit or miss on the qualiti of manufactur and the effect of an adverti featur set purcha with caution or just settl for the nonspin version from either camco or other vendorsanoth word of caution predril the hole for the mount screw on your tank is not recommend even though the instruct recommend it your tank materi is usual a soft plastic and the screw strip the hole easili predril doe not help plan on use a lot of silicon to make sure it stay on"
"like other review i found that the nozzl spin or not as it choo i test it three differ time and it on spun one of those time obvious thi is someth you cant easili detect or fix onc the unit is installedback to amazon ill use the wanddownthetoilet until i find a product that work proper"
"should you make the mistak of purcha these do yourself a favor befor you cut a hole in one of your hold tank hook thi thing up to a hose to see just how useless it would be actual instal in the tank itself i bought two thought the first one wa just bad becaus the 34tornado34wellwasnt realli is a wast of money thank amazon have a fantast return polici"
"we have tri thi product sever time and found it doe not dissolv as adverti camco 2 pli rv marin toilet tissueit plug up against the gate valv so when you open it to dump the solid and the tissu cannot come throughw have had our black tank line snake twice due to thi product plug up against the drain line gate valv and ye we use the appropri chemicalsdo not use thi product in your rv tri thetford brand although on singl pli it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolv as adverti"
"found the same 4 pack at walmart for 2 less i think amazon is pad price to make up for free shippinga far as the product goe veri thin typic rv paper your finger will go through eventu have soap and sanit readi 4 sheet equal one squar of charmin"
"these are not good i bought them for a fifth wheel land gear pad and they are slipperi and small my land gear almost slip off one of them i would not buy again i went back to good old precut wood block and am glad i did dont wast your money on these junki pad"
"i wa veri optimist about thi product to help avoid the stabal to sink in the grass thi past weekend i use for the first time in the grass it rain and it sank deep and when i pull the stabil up and remov the pad they were bent they do not hold their flat strutur in a soft grass if you do grass camp with motorhom that will not work i am think i will still need a piec of 2x6 under the pad"
"warn updat 20130904 so the wife and i have recent return from a wonder 4 month trip around the usa we left home on april 26 and return on august 19th we tow a 29 airstream natur dure that time we use thecamco 44622 rv wheel stop largea lot we also use the asinb0012fen0k camco 44642 rv wheel stop with padlock on the opposit side i purcha them both at the same time 7 month earlier i did use them befor post my origin review but i use them daili for near 4 month sinc thi past april both are rel easi to put on and remov and they seem secur but we did have a seriou incid which scare the hll out of us and is whi ive lower my origin star from 5 to 2do not trust these devic to prevent your trailer from roll we near had a seriou accid in a state campground in new mexico where we were on a slight back to front inclin at the time these devic were all we were use to hold our wheel our tongu jack wa rest on avalterra a100900 red trailer tongu jack stand in my opinion anoth danger product long stori short the camco wheel stop did not hold and our trailer roll back over a foot tip off the valterra jack stand crash our tongu jack to the ground after chang our britch and find that fortun noth had been damag other than our ego we jack the tongu back up and place rock behind and between our wheel to chock them we immedi stop use the valterra jack stand temporarili i use some of the yellow interlock level block i purcha at camp world cover with an 8 2x6 eventu i got a scrap piec of an 8x6 beam and cut it to 8x8x6 thi make a nice wide squat tongu rest and it will not tip over we also purcha some good old fashion wheel chock and continu to alway back up our camco wheel stop with wheel chocksw were lucki neither of us were hurt and no damag wa done my hope is that by relat thi experi i will prevent it from happen to other happi travel"
"i tri to be care so i enter my car inform amazon fit check show that it would fit 1996 lexu ls400 i order and found out it didnt fit my car ha an arm that requir the thin side but thi wiper blade is too big to fit"
"i bought these caus the price seem goodthey chatter unless it pour out i wont get them again for sure if you want good wiper get the rainx lattitud or trico neoform they are both superior to bosch crap"
"i bought thi becaus it come up when search for a cadillac eldorado 1994 but thi blade is too curv it stand an inch abov the window in the middl the whole way across"
"these are wellbuilt made in china though not like previou bosch from europ they seem to be longlast and streak free but the 26 left a huge swath of my windshield unclear on my 07 accord the 18 work great though"
"i purcha two bosch evolut blade for my 2007 hyundai accent on 02072014 today 05192014 i final gave up and replac them i have never had wiper blade that perform thi poor there wa almost no contact with the windshield on either side they left haze and streak and would spatter water about requir incess rewip of the windshield to get it to clear thi the 2234 blade frequent chatter and hop when there wa on light moistur ive never had new beam style wiper blade do thati purcha these evolut blade becaus last season i had a set of bosch clear advantag on the car and realli like the way they perform unfortun none of the local store had them in stock when i need new blade so i thought spend more on these supposed better evolut blade would be a nobrain with less than 3000 mile and three month of use i just threw away thirti buck becaus i trust a compani to make a qualiti producthigh dissatisfi"
"i bought these at my local fireston becaus there wa a special on wiper blade i paid 8 dollar for a pairi need replac wiper blade as my oem nissan one were start to streaki clean my windshield and put these wiper blade on first raini day came after 2 month of put them on and they streak these are terribl blade my oem nissan one that were older than these bosch blade streak lessi didnt expect thi from bosch at allit wa past the 30 day return so i cant return them at all stuck with them until the next falli do not recommend"
"made in china poor qualiti item that doe not befit the robert bosch brand at allnot for winter for sureth origin of the product should be state at the product pageif i knew it were a madeinchina i would not have bought it"
"i thought these would be better than the 5 anco one but they arent they are the same at best save your money and buy the cheapi"
"bosch ha alway been my wiper blade choic until now these blade just do not conform to the windshield it not on an unusu vehicl just a plain old dodg dakota they miss strip in both pass result in a messi windshield most of the time"
"these are suppo to fit but do not clip well the hole are too small save your cash and just get the wiper direct from a bmw dealer they are not that much more expen thi wa a complet wast of time and money"
"these seem to be ok cheaper than oem better than unbrand part seem to get a year or two befor they disintegrateupdatedo not fit hitachi l4 f23a4 distributorw to instal and is wrong part will tri to exchang or return dont trust that amazon thi part fit yourcar thing at the top of your page i tri sever part and a few were wrong"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it after remov the cap i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap that came with the cap see my other review there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr thi rotor wa a pita to remov due to the lousi cap the rotor wa rust on and had to be cut off even after instal the new one i tri to remov it just out of curio and it wa veri hard to remov ive never had thi problem with oem part i wont buy thi rotor or the match cap again"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it when remov the exist one i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr the match rotor wa a pita to remov which i will explain in the rotor review i wont buy thi or the rotor again"
"purcha as a replac for a 2004 ford tauru last about 7 month befor it burn out replac thi item with ngk brand oem manufactur i do not recommend thi item if you plan on keep the car"
"i got a small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to a t the slime clot in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove a few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over a few hour and it held the next day i drove to work and when i came to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got a lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing a bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in a pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit review put anoth way there is at least a 25 chanc thi product will be a disast for you a 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use a more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for a product like thi a 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be a good rate for a tv but for a product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as a car tire have a 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"when i order thi i wa guarant fitment on a toyota 3sfe engin when it arriv it wa not the correct size i left two star becaus i did run out and buy the correct size from anoth store howev i didnt want to have to do thi when i had all the rest of my part ship in"
"the amazon fitment guid said thi would fit my 2004 chevrolet silverado ls 58l v8 it did screw into the tank open but after about five minut of drive i got a 34tighten fuel cap34 warn on my truck comput thi cap can on be tighten so tight befor it start to 34click34 it turn out that my truck ha a cap that doe not have thread on it like thi model ha look close at your factori ga cap if it doesn have thread and ha a geometr triangl pattern on the side of it skip thi cap i end up get an acdelco gt264 cap from amazon and it work just like the factori cap the amazon pictur for the gt264 doe not show a side view of the cap but all you have to do is googl the model number and there are hundr of pictur on the internet i commend amazon for their great ship and return polici i will never take them for grant i am a true lifetim amazon custom"
"thi cap wa not good for my vehicl the truck emiss light came on which mean the ga cap is not good and did not seal good"
"the websit assur me thi wa a correct part for my model and year of honda well the sensor wa right but the connector wa femal rather than the need male connector the vendor need to updat hi spec the part wa almost right but complet wrong"
"veri cheap lock mechan fell out the first time i use thi cap pass on thi one cheap cheap cheap wast of money"
"i wound up spend 200 or more replac my vent valv solenoid purg valv and evap canist becaus i wa sold a defect acdelco gt276 ga cap i got the dread p0400 code and learn the first thing to check is the ga cap bought the delco brand becaus of the tassl and hope that it would be the same as the oem cap well it notaft replac the ga cap and get the same code a coupl week later i began to tri and troubleshoot the evap system and quick learn that it is a boogeraft spend the time and money to replac the abov mention part and continu to get the se light and monitor result thru my systemcod reader i turn my focu back to the ga cap i had notic that the tension on the cap befor it began to click wasnt even as strong as the old oem cap i had replac at my wit end i decid to go ahead and purcha the stant brand ga cap and give it a shot i read some good review about stant the new cap arriv and the tension and fit on it wa 10 time better than thi cap after replac with the stant cap i monitor the car system and it pass the evap check at that time i felt reliev that i found my problem but i wa also peev that i had spent 200 on other part becaus of thi defect cap so i would advi anybodi out there to buy a stant instead oh and the delco is made in germani"
"while amazon normal ha a veri updat and accur fitment chart the one for thi item wa off the item wa as describ and the pictur wa accur of what the item look like howev fitment show it would fit my 02 taho with the 53 l engin thi is not true for one reason flex fuel if you have a flex fuel 53 engin the filter is veri differ you not on need a special tool to relea the differ type of quick disconnect but you also have to get a differ filter make sure you do your research prior to order from the more accur fitment chart from the actual brand websit if you dont have flex fuel on your engin thi should be the right one and it just a matter of purg the fuel system and break free 2 flare nut on either side the chang on take about 10 minut make sure you know what you need befor order"
"deliv today and look forward to have thi new cap to possibl get rid of the check engin light code for ga cap wrong capthey sent the one for a 2004 chevrolet suburban 1500 ls flex fuel engineso dont trust the amazon check car app to see if it match your vehiclethi ha been twice that the app ha been wronganywaythi cap is for the flex not the non flex fuel enginedif is the flex is the screw cap type the normal fuel engin is a plug styleonc you open the packag you cant it back almost like burn 20ish dollar with a lighternot a happi camper"
"i order two of these filter the packag wa safe and nice with more than enough pad in the box howev both of the filter were defect with top of the metal can were benti return them for a refundmet endcap on both side make the total filter area smaller than equiv toyota filtersmayb a reason to use the bigger size"
"in the review of thi sheepskin pad i found two differ opinion one excel one not i need two pad and decid to chanc it and so order item 8000caint8 019912525297 when they arriv one wa simpli outstand the other could not have been much wor the sheepskin or whatev it wa wa thin and rag it look like my dog had been chew it the other wa thick and fluffi and fit perfectlyi also order one fabric ergo seat belt shoulder pad as a backup item 8001sl9lyg 019912535920 thi pad is a bit smaller but work realli well i am veri plea with it and will use it on anoth vehiclenon of the three pad had ani notic odor and all fit welli am sorri for those order to have to face thi qualiti situat the good sheepskin pad is perfect but both sheepskin pad have the same number019912525297 if you realli need a pad as i did for neck injuri i recommend tri the sheepskin you might get lucki the fabric pad is extrem nice as well"
"the plastic wa broken when i receiv it doesnt appear to affect function or fit of the filter though so it is in my car today"
"i bought thi from amazon last year and went to use it again the other day the cap had rust through for some reason i keep thi in a waterproof toolbox with a desicc to keep the humid low but somehow it just rot away they product itself is great but it pretti hard to use now that the lid is gone"
"i thought these were great becaus they work great at first but it wasnt long until they start streak just a few month i believ the streak wa veri notic and annoy"
"2 day after i instal these i notic the driver side wiper look loosecrook i went to inspect it and the littl plastic piec that lock onto the wiper had crack i figur i just had a dud so i return it to amazon and they sent me a new one right awaythi time the blade last about a month and then the same exact thing happen the same plastic piec crack mayb it cant handl the cold weather or someth it is veri thin cheap plastici usual buy bosch brand wiper but amazon had these on sale for 2 for 20 so i gave them a tri ill be stick with bosch for now on"
"too hard to instal compar with other brandsi am go to return to rainx brand in the futur even though it cost more it will save my finger from get bloodi"
"pick one of these up becaus it indic itd fit with my dodg calib but unfortun it did not i didnt want to deal with the hassl of return thi so instead i remov the blade from the wiper itself and slide them into my old oem one it work fine after do that but it wa a lot more of a headach than a quick and easi swap i would certain have prefer"
"i am disappoint with the valeo wiper they were expen and have fail to deliv better perform than the cheaper wiper in fact they began to streak notic on two of the three vehicl that i instal them on after on one month of use dont wast your money get the cheaper wiper and refil"
"on my car windshield i lost one piec while drive in the rain i dont know whi it came off complet without warn"
"i purcha thi for my honda accord it align terribl with the contour of my windshield and miss about 4534 of the windshield when wipe i had a must more posit align experi with my truck thu 2 star instead of just 1"
"veri small car on suv or truck or larg car tire do not fit well between the ridg and deform the product i fasten the mat down with 4 tapcon concret screw each 2 inch long into my garag slab the lead edg of the mat tore off the screw and fold up the adh strip behind the mat wa also useless i would have had better result with a 2 x 4 piec of fir or pine and concret screw it to the garag slab you also have to aim the car perfect when you park it becaus the mat is on as wide as the tire i cant return it becaus it damag from use due to faulti design wast my money"
"didnt work gimmick dont take thi product as anyth better than ani other product claim to do the same thing"
"i origin purcha the deltran batteri tender jr 0210123 to keep the batteri on my vehicl charg as it8217 adverti of be capabl of do so on the packag thi batteri tender did not charg the batteri on my car within the 72 hour window and turn off ha a builtin timer i call deltran 8774567901 and wa told by custom servic that the deltran batteri tender jr wa too small to use on a cartruck batteri and that i should have purcha the deltran batteri tender plu i eventu purcha the deltran batteri tender plu 0210128 and the deltran 125 ft exten lead dbt081014812 the deltran batteri tender jr work fine on my walk behind lawn mower with electr start and should be fine for anyth with a small batteri i would suggest that you purcha the deltran batteri tender plu so you can have the option of use it on more equip deltran should chang the label on the deltran batteri tender jr if it8217 not realli intend for cartruck batteri check out batterytendercom for deltrans8217 complet line"
"i had one of these and paid way to much for it i bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteri befor daisi chain them for a 36v scooter got it out recent to do the same with 4 small scooter batteri and it burnt out befor i could them done im buy a real sc300a chargermaintain for about what i paid for thi thing thi is a miniscul 075amp compar to 30amp for the sc300a both come with the same 3 connector"
"for mani mani year i use the batteri tender jr on all my store batteri with no problem the light is either green or red no light indic either a bad connect or the tender is dead in which case you chuck it and buy a new one but last year my garag went up in flame the caus determin by investig from the local fire captain fire marshal and a privat investig hire by my insur compani wa a batteri tender jr the on thing plug in and oper in the garag it wa plug into my lawn tractorim not sure how old the tender wa that caus the fire but on thursday even the light wa green indic it wa work proper less than 36 hr later it had malfunct and appar overh enough to ignit the wall behind it anoth review comment hi becam so hot it melt the case he wa veri lucki could it happen with other brand i dont know and dont want to find out but thi is my person experi im go to tri anoth name brand tender now"
"the batteri is brand new and bare use i bought a batteri tender to keep the batteri charg becaus of the lack of use the batteri tender jr top off the charg within 15 to 30 minut the first 4 time i use the tender then the fifth time the tender charg light stay red i phone deltran to discuss the first person interrupt my first sentenc to tell me it take up to 72 hour to charg i tri to tell her how i dont use the batteri and about the 4 previou charg take on minut and sudden 5 wa differ but she kept innterrupt me to lectur me that i had to let her finish talk no clue how she could provid usabl inform sinc she didnt let me explain what ha happen after she went on lectur excess about let her talk i final ask for anoth technician who wa excel i did a coupl test with her on the phone and while the indic light pass the function test it stay red when connect to the batteri one thing i learn wa that after two hour the charger should have been hot and it wa on warm to the touchlat my brother test the charger and it is not give power batteri is fine amz return polici expir two month after the purcha so i email deltran to see about get it replac havent heard back yet"
"probabl a good filter but didnt fit the applic amazon made it right but be sure thi fit your car befor buy"
"havent had the need for it just yetbut took it out of the packag to look ati realli dont think thi will fit my need in prevent ice snow on the winshieldnot flexibl enough to lay flat against the winshieldmight work ok as a sun shade insid though"
"i have a full size sedan and thi windshield cover wa too small it also tend to 34ride up34 the window and not keep the wiper cover"
"bought one from amazon wareh that came with the lower tool tray crack where the front wheel bolt on obvious a custom return but still bad design easi to over tighten bolt and snap the plastic want to like thi littl seat but it so cheap and i doubt i will pass it down to my kid you have to view thi item as a good deal and run with it your not buy thi item for the qualitypross nice and compact but enough to save your kneesbackpr 21 amazon warehouselook cool add charact to your shopgarageconsqu not veri gooddur plastic tool tray is veri thin no doubt will one day shatter to piec"
"the whole thing is made of plastic so if you over tighten even the tiniest bit you strip the plastic thread and you end with with a hand of plastic piec that can no longer be secur to the hood of your carit a veri fine balanc between loo snug and too tight with thi kit i wa screw the star nut by hand to tighten down the nozzl to the hood i could feel the nut just get a bit snug when all of a sudden the littl resist i wa feel went to noth and then i realiz that the plastic thread in the plastic screw had strip out of the plastic nut so the left wiper nozzl now freeli move around the hood of my car despit tri to glue it down and use electr tape to keep it one spot veri annoy sinc i bare put ani signif amount of pressur on the nut"
"ok i think thi is way overpr for the product you buy it defiant overpr and it basic just a bag and it not attach to noth so ye you can place your lock kay in there but where can you place it if it not attach to noth"
"2000 bmw 323i 5 speed transmiss went rought instead of smooth as the product claimi flush it 2 month after and it wa dark black and smell like veri old transmiss oilrefil with royal purpledont like redlin"
"after read such rave review everywh i decid to chang my manual tran oil in my mazda 3 to the red line i chang it at approxim 50k mile unfortun im not happi with the result at allth main reason i decid to chang to red line it wa becaus i had read it wa suppo to do better in cold weather than the stock oil and i figur 50k wa a reason time to chang it ye earlier than manual recommend the stock oil wa veri stiff to shift with when the temp got into the teen and below but shift fine for the most part when warm up or in warm weather now that ive put the red line in shift is frustrat and notchi at all time it can be difficult to get into first and second gear warm up doesnt smooth it out it is ind less stiff in the cold but at the cost of poor shift the rest of the timeit been almost 5 month now and i realli wish i didnt chang to thi oil im think ill end up switch to someth el or back to whatev wa stock thi summer so much for 34improv shiftability34 and 34help prevent hard shifting34 wish i could share in ever one el success"
"i have been use mobil 1 1 30 in my ax15 5 speed manual tran yj and it work fine but everyon said thi is the stuff to use i switch to it and now the shifter is harder to engag need to go into first to get into rever just not as good as the mobil 1 and more expen"
"had redlin mt90 transmiss fluid in my 2008 mazdaspeed3 for about 1200 mile although redlin wa recommend on some onlin forum it did not work well for me when shift from 1st to 2nd gear until the car wa warm up if the temperatur where you live is alway abov 50 degr redlin would probabl be fine in thi vehicl anyway i replac the redlin fluid with ford xtm5q fluid and that ha solv my problem all shift feel butteri smooth and the car is a pleasur to drive again"
"14 a quart now for atf amazon ha to keep the price at 1049 per bottl otherwi there is no point in buy it from amazon local autorac store sell it for 1049a for perform i did 3 drain and refil on my car i have not seen ani differ in shift the fluid get dark veri fast after drive a few mile unlik some other atf"
"suppo to slip in well you gotta smash it in and am scare to tri it with my trailer hitch lightswanna see if i can return it"
"thi adapt work for certain function such as the brake light and turn signal it is miss the center pin ground need for the run light to work i purcha anoth manufactur unit elsewh and the system now work fine thi is a cheap inadequ part"
"i replac my honda fit horn with thi disappoint all the review that said thi is not loud were correctit sound like the stock horn thi wa a wast of time and money"
"sound better than the oem horn on my bike but it on work for a littl over a year then croak"
"el grand translat to the largest hope fiamm isnt a womanown compani otherwi theyv been live their live full of disappointmentw to get the attent of other driver dont instal the horn instead keep them in your glove box and simpli throw them at the car of the driver who piss you offfiamm should have use a room full of bitchi ex wive as their design target"
"i bought thi to spray color stain but tri it out with oil base enamel paint first had to thin the enamel rustoleum 3040 befor it would spray proper ye thi work with thin materi close to the visco of water good finish minim overspray easi applic next i tri a latex stain even after it wa thin 5060 it would not spray well total useless for thi materi water clean up requir a lot of scrub becaus the paint that get in the air passag end up be blow dri im glad i have less than 55 into mine becaus it not worth the retail price buy spray can instead no clean up and less expen"
"if u buy thi unit for your own sake on use water clean up materi becaus you will be doin a lot of it unlik my oth hvlp system i use for urathan and fine finish thi unit get materi everywh and most where you dont want it"
"perform noth like what it adverti it is veri weak and easili overspray an area if you use it indoor make sure you have everi other thing cover if you dont almost everyth will be sprinkl with paint i found thi out and had to stop and do the paint job by hand so i basic have it store away forev now never to be use again i fulli disagr with the high volum low pressur that the product claim as the volum it output is actual veri low and sprink rather than a good solid wall of paint like those cheap spray paint in a can you are better off use a paintbrush or roller faster and better control"
"kn filter are some of the best i have ever use but there is a major problem with the descript it state thi filer will work on a 2003 flhtcui ultra classic electra glide it doe not i bought 4 of these think they did due to the descript say it would work on my bike i went thru two filter think the first one wa defect i the bought and chang out the oil filter hous think it went bad and instal a third one it still leak bad after take it for a ride i final look on anoth site and saw thi would not work for my bike the kn170 work but not the kn171 the on reason im give it two star is due to the incorrect descript it end up cost me a lot of money 4984 for 4 filter and 6500 for the part and a lot of hour chang out a unne part thi is the first time i have been let down by amazon with a incorrect descript it took me to long to do all of the chang out of part to get ani refund so 11484 thrown out the window about 6 hour in labor and the frustrat of it all"
"after 200300 mile i realiz i had a leak from under my sv1000 after investig it wa the ore that wa dri rot no tell how long thi thing sat on the shelf befor it wa sent to me i guess thi is a problem that could have happen when buy it from a local store but nonetheless frustrat"
"these filter now come from koreachina etc they are no longer usa made i have read on some forum that when the manufactur move oversea that the filtrat percentag ha also decrea for the price they are charg it doesnt seem worth it anymor i usual stick with oem filter which is what i did for my vfr ye the 17mm nut is nice but im not go to spend more and risk filtrat for ea of instal"
"youll notic that all the five star review go back a coupl of year when thi bag wa obvious made of nyloncanva and wa a qualiti product sinc then the manufactur ha chang it into a cheap piec of plastic materi that look for all the world like a larg and admitted reinforc hefti bag it plastic insid and out with some type of reinforc fiber woven through it feel like it about 67mil thick the accompani warn about ad a down piec to your tailpip should be well heed becaus even with the exhaust 78 inch away it will melt thi productspeak of melt i have seriou doubt about the durabl of thi product in extrem cold it will either becom too stiff to work with or crack neither a desir outcom about the on good thing i can say is that it is obvious waterproof with a good zipper system built into it unfortun i had to keep it becaus i actual took it out of the box think that mayb the insid wa canva and they had move the plastic coat to the outsid for better weather protect well onc it out of the box and open i defi ani normal human to roll it back up to the size to fit back in the boxoh and the pictur of the box it came in is not repr of what is insid the box so amazon is simpli use the adverti literatur provid by the manufactur although they should still remov it from their inventori or sell it for the 25 it obvious worth find yourself a higher qualiti product that will last for more than a few trip and if it cost a littl more in the end it will be worth it unfortun for me thi is one of the veri few product that is the correct size for my rear hitch carrierl editwhil the product remain question amazon came through in their typic custom orient fashion and made it good with me they also promi to look into the issu with the item and delet it from their inventori if appropri"
"some month ago there wa a review here where a tacoma 27l owner talk about purol filter be too restrict caus excess valv noi and possibl contribut to the ear demi of hi engin i dont know where that review went but have use wix or purol filter exclus on my 2008 tacoma i have notic occa where it wa except valvey sound though i did not equat it with a particular oil filter be on it on my last oil chang i replac the purol that wa on there with a toyota filter and use the same weight mobil 1 oil that i alway use and the valv noi went away i realiz now that our old corolla went through period where i thought the valv noi wa excess too and it wa probabl when i had a purol on it i hate to say thi about purol becaus i have alway consid them to be fantast filter but mayb they dont play well with toyota i am go to stick with toyota filter from now onedit i final found the other review i had seen and it wa post to the purol pl14476 which is the corolla filter instead of thi one as i had thought now there are 2 review there talk about the same issu"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failmayb anyth but fram would be the best advic"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failfram is anoth way of call someth a failur"
"filter is one of the best price is one of the worst in the marketwhen you can get one of these for 538 at kmart whi would you even want to buy it from amazoni do not"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh like an automot mcdonald big mac and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram fail"
"purcha juli 2013 use for 7500 mile and care cut open with a longacr tool the media had a tear at the attach of a pleat to the end capi have pic but curious neither the page nor the review allow pictur to be upload take a look over on bitog forum for pictur sinc most filter are thrown away uncut most peopl will never know about thi problem i guess i could make a video but im done with purol for a few decad whi wast my time"
"im not sure what i wa expect when i order these licen plate shield i order two nouveau frame to go along with them but pair togeth they didnt live up to my expect my licen plate stuck out slight around the edg and i just wasnt dig the look i gave these to a friend who seem more than happi with them to each hi own these just arent for me"
"warn result may vari especi if you dont fix the crack immediatelyboth of my car got windshield crack one had a long crack from the right side to the middel of the glassth other is more recent and had a crack no more than 1 in diametersinc the crack ive had to wash the car use the windshield fluid drive for a about 2 month befor i bought thi kit and attempt the repairth result is not good it is just about as visibl as it wa befor the repair done it step by step to the instruct given but i think the pressur to inject the epoxi into the crack is not enough pressur so it doesnt realli get into the gapsi then use the remain liquid epoxi to repair the other long crack and to no surpri it did littl improv to the long cracki am not say it not a good product it even patent with patent number print on the blister packbut buyer be warn and repair ani crack asap without wash the car or drive under dusti conditionsi even clean the crack area with cleaner spray for my mac comput it as good as you can get but still not good enough becaus dirt ha alreadi gotten into the gap i thinkgood luck on your repair and rememb time is of the essenc"
"i bought these main becaus they were cheap and sometim passeng have difficulti climb into my tj howev onc instal they look total ridicul on the roll bar they are huge look veri out of place qualiti of the product seem decent it just the appear of it on the vehicl i dont like"
"i wa veri disappoint with thi product i purcha thi product base on the great review here it say on the label it is a industri and machineri cleaner i am rebuild a mobil scooter so i want to clean the grea out of the transmiss after drain the oil out of the transmiss and dissembl it i soak the case all night tri differ mixtur and it did absolut noth dawn dish wash liquid did a better job then thi product the residu just smear but thi chemic didnt dissolv ani of the grea or stain i wont purcha again that is for sure"
"i bought a pair one year ago base on the good review it is cheapli made and doe not stay in place the strap are poor qualiti they do not fit easili and the tension ha alreadi tore one of the strap up complet render it useless so i am left with one on the pictur is mislead and there is no way it will look like that most probabl it will be someth that repeated pile up at your back and at everi red light you will battl to reloc it the on posit thing about it is that it is comfort if you manag to keep it at place i have alreadi start look for altern dont buy"
"product look good pad a bit thin elast strap secur the vertic back of cushion stretch easili but lose it elast veri quick therefor allow the back to move far too much the seat of the cushion ha four veri thin holddown strap that depend on tini plastic hook to secur it in place seat cushion constant come loo these hook are so small they bare are abl to grip the car seat baseplast surround with a more robust secur system thi would be an adequ product in it present form keep lookingth 5 star review snooker me into thi purcha im glad the product work for these review but it fail miser when use on a bmw seat"
"rubber is way to soft they all 4 tore within three day need to be made of neoprem or someth stronger wont buy again"
"my screen door is metal insert and thi closur kit will not work to close it without major modif cannot recommend the manufactur could be clearer as to where and how thi work becaus i see a lot of rv where i live where thi type of devic is useless and peopl wast money buy it"
"kit did not work the way i thought it would had a hard time keep the spring attach either to the door or rv bodi spring is so strong that it kept pull the screw out of the door or rv bodi would not use thi item i end up not use is at allwould not recommend thi kit"
"although i consid myself reason handi i could never find a way to instal thi screen door closur kit on my winnebagoitasca motorhom none of the exampl cite in the instruct would appli to my screen door fortun i had less than six buck invest so it wa no great loss to throw the kit away"
"2 of these were purcha and one arriv damag howev they were so flimsi that i decid these were not the solut to place some sort of grill on the rv screen door whoever make these should be asham becaus it is a rip off and amazon should not sell them"
"thi level indic work great on cool day 6580 degr outsid i use it on the afram of my 34 foot trailer on hot day the water insid the level expand to such a degr that the bubbl is no longer present when i first experienc thi i thought all the liquid had leak out the next morn when it wa cool outsid the bubbl had miracul reappear as a result i cannot depend on thi level to keep my trailer level it might work if i had not perman instal it on the afram kept it cool until i need to use it but be expo to the hot utah temperatur make thi level undepend"
"would not stay in place ever one who use it push it the wrong way had to be reset each time it wa use better off with out it"
"if your think about get thi devic take a look at the camco screen door cross bar insteadthi is a pain in the s to instal and wear quit easili"
"i found out by accid that on my rv you can simpli push down on the round handl that is on the slider and that will open the door so at least for my rv 2012 keyston springdal tt thi devic is not need you might want to tri it on your too thi wa not in ani manual that came with my rv but it is clear design to work thi way the slider is spring load in the vertic dimen"
"okthi seem like a good idea howev the instruct call for a 916 drill bit good luck find that i have sever bit set and none of them had thi size home depot said the could special order it obvious it would have made much more sen to have an instal that use readili avail tool one could spend more on the instal materi aka unusu size drill bit than on the actual product"
"these look descent when put up in my travel trailer but where on the floor the next day then on the floor the day after the doubl side tape suck on these and need a more heavi duti industri type hold doubl side tapewhen put up you can see the white doubl side tape form the side and it look a bit uglynot impress at all and bought differ organ from camp world that look way better and hold perfect and are flushwa past my 30 day return so i sold these on ebay for a few buck lost 90 of my origin purcha pricei would never buy these againbut all depend on the surfac and for the price i guess they would okay for some if they would holdnot for me and my trailer though"
"purcha 3 good idea and work for about 23 week then i open up my rv one day to find them on the ground doubl side tape is a major flaw i on had 2 dvd in one and other 2 empti so should of held up i did everyth like clean the wall prior to instal but still cant expect a thin piec of tape to hold it for to long anoth thing is you can see the white foam tape on the side after attach which look poor i didnt give up thoughi mount them with small brass l bracket and screw now and no more issu"
"thi would be a great idea if it actual wasnt too tall to fit insid our camper cabinet i measur thi befor order and thought it would fit but you realli cant judg how your knive will fit in it from the descript most of our knive were too thick at the handl or too wide at the blade to sit down insid it fulli therefor they would stick up too high and would prevent the cabinet door from close it wa a wast and i didnt use iti recommend instead buy a full knife set with holder and over product dimen and do some thought measur"
"we start with thi one but were loath to drill into the door to secur it we tri doubl side tape but the plastic wa warp and curv and would not stay thi product is cheap in everi sen it doe not hold that mani bag and is a bit of a pain to use sinc it doe not hold that much and you realli have to push and pull to get the bag in and out we replac it with a metal version that hang over the top of the door and is work much better"
"doesnt hang veri secur to under sink door even when i gentli put bag in or out i have to hold it with my other hand worri it will come apart"
"would i buy thi again no here whi i miss it but no where do they say these are sheep skin i may be wrong but suspect thi one i got is domest goat skin a smaller one i bought i have no doubt is pig skin sinc they are made in china thi ha made me realli compar and check them close sinc most chine product are inferior qualiti first the packag ha 4 larg stapl that go through the skin everi layer and if you dont open these care you will tear it sinc they doubl back on themselv some review report hole develop when use and i can believ that second no where doe thi compani say it is lamb or sheep skin which lead me to believ it probabl is pig or domest goat skin or hor hide is it go to scratch my new car paint or hold up long good question i also bought the 2 foot one and have no doubt it not sheep or lamb skin ill review it later and probabl will never use it on my car paint sinc i fear it will scratch the new clear coat paint the 5 foot one is thin enough and buf fair well so it soft but i have the acm brand made in turkey also same size and those have instruct to wash with a mild soap to remov excess cod oil befor use that normal and when you do you will see the excess oil i use mild bar hand soap these detail choic one dont tell you that and if you compar them you can see a differ in the amount of oil use when look at them unwash as an asid the chine made chamoi have had import restrict place on them in europ due to the inferior qualiti decept adverti etc but not those from turkey both of the detail choic leather skin are cut nice and rectangular which show they come from a larg skin now i dont often write neg review but check what im say by research on the net if i had done that first i would never have bought these ye i could return them but after deduct the return fee and ship it isnt worth it i think of thi mistak as a lesson learn and would not recommend these nor buy them again other neg review are probabl right on the markaddendum after write thi review while show these to my wife i laid them on a dark bedspread mistak sinc they left a ton of hide lint behind on it had to vacuum so i wash them with hand soap and water in a sink and couldnt believ the amount of hide lint in the water wash them twice then rin them three time and wa still get a larg amount of hide lint come off my wife saw that and saidno way are you use those on my car haaa so my next step is to hang them out side after dri and use a water hose to tri and stop the lint problem im 69 year old and have use both synthet and natur chamoi for year and have never seen anyth to match thi with that much lint come off no way to wax after use anoth neg review rate them as a po and believ he ha that right never would buy again nor recommend to anyon hope thi help someon not to make a mistak"
"thi chamoi is veri thin and will not last long i purcha same item two month ago and is fall apart after purcha again realiz thi chamoi is too thin and will not hold up with repeat usag"
"purcha thi for my garag but wa disappoint the titl say thi is a smart charger but it is actual just a big linear charger wor thi charger never shut off so you cannot leav it connect for long period of time so i took one star off for bad descript and one star for charger not be turn off the build qualiti is rather cheap so i took anoth star off for that over not for me i will be send thi unit back"
"at least my car wa in the driveway when it decid not to start so it wasnt too bad i am now search on amazon for one with higher than 400 powerit would not start my six cylind engin on my crossfir i think it will be ok in the other vehicl that have four cylind no way thi would ever start a v8 it wa fulli charg just not enough oomph the kk model look interest but i am not excit about have to tend them while they are charg to prevent damag unit doe work well for power less tax thing though and the pump work well just wont start your car if you have a six cylind or upin the end just use them for mobil compressor to air up tire until they all diedhop thi help"
"amazon realli need to check some of their cross refer chart thi doe not it a 2011 kia lx sorento"
"so happi to receiv it sooner than i thought got veri disappoint with all miss stuff in the box manual etc"
"tri unit out when i first bought it everyth seem ok did not use for a month and then when i tri it again background light no longer work on use it onc prior to light burn out too late to return unit with incur ship cost"
"i give it 2 star becaus of the following1 it stick out by about 4 inch from the dash so it veri ackward to leav it in the dash2 it will stay on even when the car is complet turn off3 i call the manufactur and ask them the current draw they search and could not tell meso base on the abov point i have to give it a 2 star i dont feel comfort leav it plug in all the time as it might drain my batteri but if you want to use it as a tester from time to time it will work veri well"
"first of all the unit show you voltag with a total of 4 digitssecond onc the car is start you get a circlu arrow in the left top corner of the display indic that a charg is occur howev thi is a static icon it doe not rotat as at least i would have excepti also get a bar on the right side of the display show the batteri charg level and a 3light indic at the bottom and in case you should forget i guess they even ad a littl batteri icon in the displayhowev i serious question the accuraci of these unit thi is the second onewhen plug in my van ha multipl outlet i check on 4 of them the unit show 114 volt and a red light wow never had an issu with my batteri nor charg system start the car which it did fine unit show 148 volt reallyi went to the shop and had everyth check my highoutput altern 120 amp wa work abov manufactur spec my 1000 cold crank amp batteri is in excel conditioni exchang the unit the replac show the same odd number now the manual you can download from equu wich doe not come with the unit state issu like that there could be dirti batteri termin etc etc i had the shop check the voltag on my cigarett lighter which a regular voltmet and it show complet differ numbersw even hook up the car charger which went into float charg mean batteri is full within 2 minutesth on reason to have thi monitor would be to well monitor your batteri for thi you need accur read and i can not see these on thi unit"
"innova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesi purcha thi product last month and i dont know whi it read your onboard comput alright but if you want a detail report of a problem you might be have with your check engin light on they charg you a fee for a complet detail reportautozoneadvanceauto and carquest will test your vehicl free of charg and will provid you with a detail report for freeth fleec of america continu by onlin companiesamazon shame of you"
"im surpri so mani peopl give thi high mark to me it seem like noth but a come on to get you to buy a 20month websit servic with which to interpret the read"
"batteri test light quit work after after two or three time use itdont wast your"
"i am not impress with thi multimet the control are not intuit to anyon who is use to use multimet the batteri check function is just a gimmick i am not comfort with a meter that alway show a read even when not connect to anyth"
"ok ye i know thi should keep everyth in place and tight but doesnt look veri tight and it ha lot of play in it not my time"
"my petit wife stand at 53 in her 50 cut through the top portion the harden steel portion of the lock in 75 minut with a hand saw blade imagin what a power tool would have done through thi locki cant recommend it"
"i just got two of these for my avalanch they are veri load and easi to hook up and mount i had to come back and edit my review becaus one ha blown out and the other one sound funni wo both work i just order new horn and tri to mount in a differ spot i wa unawar you can not mount these in oem positionev they are not water proof soo i will be replac with differ horn"
"i bought thi to do some reviv on some plastic i actual wrote a small articl in a diy forum for ram truck it look good at first but 3 month later all the black ha come offthi doesnt seem to trueli be a dye more of a paint on color i clean and prep everyth well and dont believ that to be the issu"
"i follow the instruct to the t on my 10 wrangler i let it dri 34 hour between three coat the first time it rain the finish spot up and look terribl veri disappoint"
"i bought thi for the wrong jeep so i return it anyway but it seem veri flimsi to me a screwdriv could easili get thi mechan open"
"i use thi is a 2008 freightlin with a detroit engin the engin wa in good shape but i just had to tri it it did noth snake oil i tell ya pure snake oil"
"i am disappoint on how well you can see through it i bought it think it wa mirror to be use as a sunblock thi one is too seethrough for my tast i had an agv helmet with a mirror faceshield that wa realli like a mirrorupd after 1 month the silverpl spot up and rub off after a rainstorm i have never use anyth but water to clean it veri diappoint"
"to start off i bought thi product from amazon and then replac it with anoth unit then replac anoth with anoth of anoth uniti wa excit about all the featur on thi product as they fit my need and at a veri reason price i need a unit to take on campinglong distanc trip to keep in car for emerg to pump bike and air bed and of cour to have as spare power for laptop and charg other small devic like cell phone and smart phone such a nice thought to go to a park and bring my laptop with thi unit and work on a picnic tabl under a tree for entir afternoon so it perfect but wa initi hesit after read mani review have to replac return their defect unit due to batteri and thi isnt just wagan but duracel and other unit with builtin power storagefirst one came the unit wa not flat on the bottom so it wobbl charg around the 34 hour max i wa most eager to see how long it can keep my laptop run to much my disappoint my laptop ran for 25 minut befor the first coupl of beep and then 35 minut befor beep low voltag becom continu and therefor unbear grant it couldv been my powerhungri thinkpad w510 the one that use 135w transform howev i had anoth invert that basic indic constant use of 65 watt from the laptop so 30 or so minut is total unaccept the unit wa still abl to run the compressor and can run my car vacuum cleaner with dc adapt for anoth 2030 minut continu after invert stop provid ac power to my laptopi pretti much decid the unit i got ha a weak batteri base just on the frequenc of the review so i request exchang with amazon amazon sent out a second one and i return the first without extra charg thi second unit also isnt flat on the bottom and wobbl on hard and flat surfac after equal amount of charg time as befor 34 hour i test thi replac unit with my laptop again thi time i got 90 minut of power befor it start to beep that wa accept few day later i use the compressor to pump up my bike guess what the compressor gaug wasnt work it show zero while my tire wa rock hard i wa debat whether to keep it sinc i wa afraid that the next replac will have weakbad batteri again at the end i just dont think it wa safe to pump while blind guess at the pressur or keep swap with a pressur testerc amazon again the custom rep understood the risk with gaug not work so she ship me yet anoth one thi time the batteri is just as good as the second unit around 90 minut of power to my laptop and compressor gaug work like it should all good but then i notic thi unit also wobbl what with the engin or with the assembl or case warp thi third unit wobbl less than the first two so at thi point i just thank godi then test the usb charger it work but it requir turn on of the invert switch which therefor kick up the intern fan that a bit ridicul to run the fan while charg a usb devic i bet the fan take more power than the phone i wa charg and then the power loss with the inverterth flash light work and it not over bright but accept depend what your situat mayb in the dark i havent test the jumper cabl yet and didnt need to cross my finger that will work as it should at thi point im begin to think the odd are pretti eventh funni thing is all 3 unit have a littl gold oval sticker say qc pass i wonder who they hire to do the qualiti control or what wa done befor put on the sticker on second thought i dont want to knowth bottom line for me is if it work it veri use and a great allinon unit with balanc of featur i want 5 star for amazon handl 4 star for my third and work unit 5 star for wagan outsourc qc depart 3 star over becaus i have the patienc and a sen of humor to laugh at thi whole processupd i final got a chanc to use the car jumper twice both on v6 engin with posit on batteri termin and neg on chasi it took 2 3 crank the car start but the engin reluct start which lead me to believ thi batteri is not the strongestupd 2 final got a situat where a minivan had batteri with low crank aaa report 136 crank amp out of 600 for the batteri thi wagan at 13v could not start the car the aaa tow guy with hi smallerthanthiswagan jump starter start with one crank he said it need to be at 15v to have a shot thi mean i must keep thi jumpstart batteri real full and readi to go all the time howev becaus thi product doe not automat stop charg when full then it becom a jumpstart that is on use when the car batteri is not in a weak state i still need to keep my aaa membership"
"i own a previou version of thi jump starter my wa made by ust and not wagan the exterior is ident to my unit so i assum it is made by the same manufactur i normal recharg it everi two month even if i have not use it to maintain a full charg for when i need to jump start a car i forgot to charg it for about 5 month and the unit is complet dead i have tri to charg it but when you press the batteri statu button you can see the voltag just keep drop i have tri to recharg it sever time and i think the batteri is complet dead the charger adapt is also dead i measur the output voltag and it measur a littl over 3 volt i take special care of my adapt so i do not damag the wire thi unit wa on use sever time to add air to sever tire it ha not been use to jump start over veri bad qualityi also have a vector unit which is now black and decker and it also wa not charg for 5 month thi unit still had two red light which indic it wa in good condit i recharg it for sever hour and it came back with full power i also own jump and carri jnc660 jump starter thi is a profess unit with 1700 peak amp it can hold a charg for month and still show plenti of power thi unit is the best but expen 130 thi unit can jump start big engin and complet dead batterieson other gener comment for those peopl out there assess which jump starter to buy these lower cost lower peak amp starter are on good for car that ha a weak batteri ie as engin is slow to crank over if your batteri is dead where the engin cannot even slowli crank over these starter will not have enough power to start your car so do not blame the jump starter as low qualiti i see such comment in other review for a complet dead batteri you need a more power jump starter such as jnc660 i have the same problem with my vector starter which ha on 300 peak amp it also would not start a complet dead batteri that wa the reason i bought the jnc660 and carri it in which ever car we own that ha the oldest batteri i need to buy anoth jump starter i keep one in each car and am think of buy jnc300xl which claim to have 900 peak amp and is about half the price of jnc660 the review seem veri good and is made by the same compani"
"custom servic is extrem slow my product start fail to take a charg we contact the compani in june it took them 6 day to get back to me plu i had to chase them down by voic after email their cs dept fail to get ani respon per the websit then they promi to email the rma instruct which took sever day but they sent the wrong one sent retail instruct when i respond that the instruct made no sen they final sent the correct instruct while wait for their email my husband test the adaptor w a multi meter to find out it wa just the adaptor that wa fail and sinc they expect us to pay to ship the whole unit back we didnt want to pay to send back the whole thing i request if i could just send the adaptor btw their email are also full of spell error and they could not get my name right it took three email to explain to cs what an adaptor wa then 7 more for them to promi to send one that wa juli 7 2 day ago i still had not receiv the adaptor so email onc again ask where it wa wa told sorri it be mail today thi product is use the most dure the summer for us we use it camp and at the drivein picnic etc etc and we have had no abil to use it caus we cant charg it for all summer then after they promi to ship the part a month ago i find out today not on wa it not ship at all it wa sent snail mail today from california across countri to va after i ask them and remind them so the likelihood of us get thi time for our next use requir thi weekend is high unlikelyfin it sold as have a compressor capabl of inflat truck tire it doe not it doe not creat enough pressur to inflat our 17 truck or rv tire we had to buy anoth dedic compressor for thema compani is on as good as it custom servic and they have fail at everi point for their not to mention a simpl power adaptor should last more than 6 month the item is useless if you cant charg it i cannot recommend thi product"
"outa of box pleanti of power to fill my dirt bike low tire and also jump start on a cold day my honda 450x batteri i had batteri pigtail on bike all readi for batteri tender charger the fesatur of cross polar a plu good packag and beat the harbor fright model and ad bonu of invert cvharger for camp the down side the radio is veri veri cheesi dial is off on set the sound sound like a radio from 1964 havent use the jump start yet i will today"
"the cover rip after just 6 month in the back section right where my licen plate is despit the hole it still hold up and fit my sv perfect i have the blue cover and it definit doe not look like the pictur anymor with the inten sun we had thi summer it fade pretti quick not sure if i want to buy anoth one at thi point or keep shop around for a more durabl one"
"i need a cover for my bike that i park outsid thi cover is made to cover your bike insid to keep the dust off veri thin dont think it would make it a full year outsid so i got a heavi duti one i use thi one for a dust cover on my tool box"
"i previous had the nelsonrigg and it wa a lot better qualiti perhap it wa the falcon an not the delux in ani case thi seem like cheap plastic to me and the fit wa a bit tighti had purcha the xl for a boulevard c50 with windshield the smaller one and saddlebag and it wa a realli tight fiti return it thank amazon and purcha the falcon 2000 in the xxl hope that work better"
"first time bike left in rain thi cover leak bike wa soak wet do not purcha thi cover i just purcha the heavi duti one at twice the price will see how that one doe"
"did not work for me i need a rest that will adjust back toward me kept them on a few week but took them off unless you have realli long leg they wont work"
"lazi as husband wouldnt put it on kawasaki bike have crui control on harley davidson full dream dresser so i dont know what to do with it"
"not happi with thi compani veri poor qualiti 3rd charger from amazon and thi one wa a replac after the first two stop work after on one week first charger wa get veri hot and fan stop work a few day after it arriv and on use 34 time so i ask for a replac from amazon and upgrad from the 2612 amp model to the 3615 amp ship to shore think it might be better sinc it wa 12 more but i wa wrong the first ship to shore fan start make a lot of noi and then would stay on even when batteri wa done charg then it just stop work when connect to half dead batteri it would read fulli charg at 100 but wasnt charg at all and use my 20 year old charger back up to finish the job now on my second ship to shore and that make three schumach charger in one month thi one right out of the box the cool fan is not work at all from my previou experi these charger microprocessor need to be cool or it will overheat ruin the charger stay away from thi compani microprocessor control chargersthey are junknot that the price jump around on amazon i purcha thi charger for 52 and now a coupl of week later it over 60 dont wast your hard earn money"
"so after read the great review here i bought thi item at walmart and took it home to charg my deep cycl marin batterieswork fine for about an hour then i notic that it seem to be stall at 85 charg i did some more internet read and discov that thi is a common problem with thi unit the readout stall at a given percentag and never chang unless you unhook it and rehook it to the batteri i did that and instant the readout chang to 100so now i know for a fact i can never trust my brand new charger to tell me when it done chargingand wor despit be 100 charg the unit never switch over to trickl charg so despit be bill as a smart charger it just a normal full power charger that will boil your batteri dri if you leav it hook up too long whi spend 45 on someth that a 10 charger will donot on is it junk the packag is a complet lie as well now i know and you can bet your sweet cajon ill never buy a schumach anyth again"
"veri stringi and get everywh it also stain everyth it touch and did not seal as well as i had hope still have oil leak"
"while the product appli to the purpo it serv the packag is veri mislead dont judg it by the capac of it bottl size becaus the content is on half the dimen of the bottl it leav the person scratch hisher head wonder if the volum within is halfempti or half it goe by weight but then whi use such a larg bottl besid it is unseal give the impress that you get a good deal base on the volum i know the review should on be for the product but the packag is veri mislead"
"edit if you take someth away from my post it is that automak design car to run on specif spark plug buy whatev work great for you car and avoid spark plug that dont run well these didnt work in my car but everyon is differ check forum to see what work best as welli drive a 1998 honda civic ex with a vtec engin i am current run ngk vpower spark plug and the origin factori spark plug wire i bought these spark plug to see fuel economi gain and mayb a power increa while merg onto the freewaythey work but i couldnt tell they were new mpg for my car went down to 36 usual 3840 and so the price didnt match the product well what i can tell you is that use the right spark plug for your car is key and tri to eeek out extra mpg from spark plug doesnt work so well i tri autolit ngk etc iridium plug and the tradit copper core work the best i get 4550 mpg highway on standard spark plugsso save your money i think i spent 1624 for the set it been a while sinc i return them and buy 34 set of copper core ngk vpower plug or whatev fit your carth other thing to note is that replac severley worn spark plug with these will net fuel economi gain but put ani new plug in will do that dont be fool by these fanci plug shop for your car and check what your car is recommend to use becaus that is usual the best option your car comput is program for the origin plug not differ onesit your money but read the review to see if it help your specif car it didnt do anyth for mineon plu is that amazon is amaz with return"
"what a load of crap i just instal it in my 2000 civic and i did not see ani real notic benefitaft all the hype about increa mileag increa fuel economi quicker start etc etc i have yetto clear perceiv ani real benefit from use it i paid a arm and leg for it and cannot realiz itsbenefit for civic owner you can continu use the regular ngk plug just chang them everi 8 monthsand you are good to go i will not wast ani more money on snakeoil plug like thi i will revert to usingth regular plug after i have exhaust use the iridium sinc i alreadi bought them might as well use them"
"thi did not do much for perfomanceth origin plug work much better i use thi plug now as a back up"
"i bought thi pump becaus the seller describ it as a siphon pump and i want to drain the ga out of my boat ga tankwhat i gotwa a ga pump that doe not siphon gasi guess it might work for fill a lawn mower from a ga canit is cheap and worth about five dollar"
"the bracket thi come with is way bigger than it need to be i could not fit it in desir locat confort the one i got wa also miss one of the mount bolt all the other part were bag up and heat seal except one of the baggi had 4 washer 4 nut but on 3 bolt it must have been an error in manufact packag becaus eveyth wa seal up tight when it arriv i decid to go with the hella switch and make my own bracket from angl iron"
"good qualiti but did not work in 3 inch of snow these were fair easi to put on but i wa hesit that they would slip off and they did"
"bought a few year ago last 2 year with perhap 1 use everi 2 monthssav your money and shop around via internet on a more reliabl compressor eg camphau or other"
"i have drop my rate to one star after use thi for awhil i repeat bad design you cant even turn it off and one with one hand becaus the cigarett lighter adapt cord block the switch it pump fine it just is a pain in the tail to useblack decker asi300 air station inflat electr air compressorpr 4499thi littl inflat doe the job it quick pump up my wheelbarrow tire the design could use work though even though i purcha it due to it abil to be run from ac or dc im not happi with their implement it work fine but the cigarett lighter adapt get in the way of the ac power cord the ac power cord is so short that it necessit use an exten cord to be abl to get close to anyth you hope to inflat last it should have a mold handl on the top they could have just extrud a littl more plastic and given you a handi handleth are two snap on attach in a nook on the bottom of the unit that wa smart design they are handi but not in the way i guess it look like someth design by a committ some good idea and some not so good i dont like the plastic inflat valv that should be metala far as perform it work fine i had a full blown compressor that i return due to an immedi when assembl crimp in the air hose that prevent it from work correct that had a metal inflat valv but the immedi fail of the hose negat the good think on the valvethi black and decker inflat work well i am just surpri that a compani like bd would not provid a better design the price is reason 45 at amazon but still for 45 i think includ a handl a longer ac cord and a metal valv would not inflat the price dramatically11813 retrospectdesign realli is cumbersom the onoff switch is occlud by the dc power cord you cant turn it off and on easili without look due to that power cord block the switch the gaug is next to useless it hang up on the set needl and thu turn off immedi until you can free it from the set needl kind of pointless to have an automat off when it is stuck on the set needl over the pump part work fine but the cord storag cord attach and switch placement as well as the poor gaug make thi far less satisfactori than i origin felt"
"i wa look for a small air compressor to fill basketb bike tire car tire etc thi compressor work fine but it ha to be one of the worst design product ive purcha in recent memori the power cord is about 12 long as is the air tube who thought that wa a good idea meanwhil there about 50 long cabl for the 12v adapt thi actual make more sen but sinc im not use the 12v it just get in the way of cour you can store the 12v cabl in a nice littl storag space in the unitexcept that where they decid the put the power switch are you kid me the power switch is locat deep insid some hole in the back of the unit are the design insan im stuck with thi thing but you might want to look elsewh"
"it doe work but is poor design use the ac power the dc cord ha to be remov from it storag to get to the on switch veri inconveni the ac cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer who want to get out an exten cord everi time they want to plug it in the coupler on the air hose is veri flimsi cheap and cant last long the previou model air station wa so superior to the new one and it wa made in the usa it wa ac power on but had long cord and hose and wrap around storag for them the switch wa easi to get to that thing wa use almost daili like ani other home applianc new one need redesign again to be much more user friend and made with better qualiti materi such as a metal coupler and reinforc air hose sorri i just think a compani like black decker could have done world better thanksprosac or dc poweredconsac cord is way too shortair hose is way too short"
"i now own 3 differ trailer coupler lock that are 34universal34 they are not i have a jayco jayfeath 2013 and the hitch is such wide and high that no lock fit it as is the norm thi unit come in the typic 34user unfriendly34 packag that is destroy upon open id be glad to sell mine to anyon interest in tri it out"
"it would serv it purpo if the onoff knob wa a lever or the neck wa longer i cant put it far enough into the filler tube to do ani good thi may an isol case but it didnt work for me"
"too hard to empti into a small mouth contain like a ga can i store old oil in an old plastic 5 gallon ga can and empti when full thi pan is a bear when direct tri to fill the can i have to use a funnel which is just anoth item i need to clean"
"ive been look to purcha a new jump pack for use in the shop and narrow my select down to either the clore jnc660 or the shumack proseri dsr psj2212the review were about equal on both so i decid to get the jnc660well i just receiv the jnc660 today and it is defect right out of the boxi plug it in to charg and the amber led that is suppo to be lit doe not indic it is charg the green led doe not show it is fulli charg eitheri verifi my power cord ha power from the outlet even switch to anoth corddisappoint i guess compani no longer have qc on their productsupd feb 04 2014after realiz that amazon will not accept return on thi item i contact clore automot tech support and explain that i had receiv a defect jump pack i review with them the variou item i had check to confirm that it wa ind defectiveaft they confirm that i had purcha it via amazon they ship a new jnc660 to me along with a prepaid up label to return to them the defect unit i had the replac unit in 5 day after contact them the replac unit work greatclor automot get 5 star from me for make thi disappoint defect unit right"
"thi is a veri versatil system it can save a ton of work it is durabl and solid made it work as adverti but after a few use the unit start spray use motor oil out of the top of the thandl what a mess use black oil everyplac i call mityvac and ask if there wa some sort of replac seal kit they prompt replac the entir unit at their expen great custom servic i wa truli impress soon thereaft the new unit start leak just like the previou one use oil everyplac i wa given no warn about synthet oil when i call mityvac if thi thing is incompat with synthet oil and fluid such as transmiss then i cant see what valu it hasi own sever vehicl and need a product which doesnt fail after 5 use i did not contact mityvac a second time as my warranti expir rather have decid that the product may have a design flaw or unknown limit i now wrap a wet rag around the thandl to get a margin temporari seal to start the flow and can still use the product thi way albeit somewhat ineffect and messili"
"thi thing ha 2 readout and 4 scale and no instruct on how to read ani of htem the swr is easi enough to figur out but the other are anyon guess came with some littl wire antenna that is nowher in the one sheet instruct that come with it the signal strength meter dosnt seem to regist at all it wa cheap enough and probelli work but your have to find an engin to tell you how to use it"
"bad design the two door that cover the hose and charger cord are not hing or tether can easili be misplac batteri ha been overh dure charg and ha melt the bottom of the unit led indic show low batteri chargei do not trust it i will keep it as long as the pump work"
"i purcha two of these for my 1997 ford f1 50 both did not work the compani sent me a replac one it also did not work when i ask again to return thi product they state to me that i could not as too much time had pass i feel that they sent me a useless item to set me up while wait for time to run out in the end i have three remot that do not work and am out the money i wish i would have not purcha thi"
"i use it for my dual back tire in a ford 350 chassi it would not regist the tire pressur accur it wa hard to get a tight seal around the valv stem i will tri the ch tire inflat with the built in gaug and the chuck that hope will get a tight seal on the valv stem"
"right out of the packag i use it first on the front tire of my bike and the gaug and pressur relea work fine and then i use it on the back tire and the pressur gaug read zero the relea malfunct after the first use so the dial would go back to zero right after you pull the gaug off the tire i put it back in the box and return to amazoncom immedi i do not recommend"
"they say 4100k color temperatur match my stock 2700k bulb appear in hous and beam i return right away the life is rate poor too not woth the money for fog light i purcha qualiti led bulb cheaper that will last as long as i own my car"
"i did not want the ghetto blue look at all but want brighter and a nice hint of the whitish look mayb with a ting of blue but these realli look veri close to the origin basic cheap sylvania bulb i can see a hint of differ and not total yellow but realli all it add a ting and i mean ting more whitish but still primarili yellowi saw the sylvania silverstar zxe model but the bulb look realli blue and i thought it would give the ug blue color so i went with the ultra kinda think the zxe would have given me more of the look i wa go forif you want regular yellow with a slight hint of white hard ani but brighter then stock then these are good if you want a more hid look with more whiteish look then go with the zxe as those should give you more of what you want i am return these for the zxe in hope they are what i am wantingi did more research on the zxe model and though the bulb is blueish most all review say it is not lbue at all just realli white and that wa what i want i know i couldnt get an hid look from a bulb but i want someth close and still have the same bright if not more then the regular bulbsthey are ok but just not the white kinda bright like they adverti and i thought they would be plu the bright realli isnt ani brighter to me in my gmc sierra then the basic cheap sylvania wereover total not worth the money"
"put these in my tacoma and they are nice and bright but low beam went out on one side after 6 month i drive with my light on all the time so that had a lot to do with it"
"sure these are white light that peirc the blackest night but do they last unfortunatley no they do noti had the dealership take out the oem head light bulb in my 2012 gmc sierra and replac them with the silverstar the bulb in thi truck are a menac to replac as gm made them veri hard to get to on thi model year the first silverstar last about eight month until one burn out replac bulb and six month later the other one burn outetc etcif your vehicl ha an easi access to chang the bulb and you dont mind them last about six to eight month then these silerstar are veri good"
"i purcha these bulb for my 2003 explor in mid august of 2011 it now feb 2012 and ive been notic they arent as bright my stock bulb were brighter and last longer compar to these the reason i wa focus on buy the bulb in the first place wa becaus they were cheaper than walmart or ani auto store in my area store had the same bulb price in the 50 area and amazon had them for 35 they are decent bulb when they you first get them they lose the bright fast"
"a close friend with a 2001 ml320 had veri poor low beam light perform that need to be correct given the import of her need to quick reach emerg for her job i decid to take everi action to improv the situat the most expen step wa replac the exist bulb with sylvania ultra basic becaus they were the priciest in the store yet of the three action taken the replac yield the lowest impact result basic there is on so much technolog that can be appli to an incandesc light bulb which differ dramat from hid and ledwhil these measur are entir subject i would rank the improv and cost from the follow actions1 3m headlight restor kit 25 improv cost usd12 two hour labor in urban park lot so took longer than normal2 low beam vertic adjust 20 improv cost usdzero 30 minut labor3 sylvania ultra bulb instal 15 improv cost usd55 at local retail 20 minut laborth end result of thi endeavor is that use the restor kit with vertic adjust would have been more than suffici to achiev excel low beam perform it is hard to justifi a high price for simpl incandesc bulb for the fundament reason so littl technolog involv no current driver no ballast moreov like a dirti residenti light bulb a yellow and craze headlight len signific reduc light transmiss thi problem is rel easi to correct by the least skill individu with a 1015 dollar kit so while the sylvania bulb subt improv perform they should be the last correct action on your list"
"i tri these and wa impress with their bright white light output but wa extrem disappoint with the lifespan i didnt make it a year with the first set tri again and one bulb didnt make it eight month live in a small town where overz cop pull you over for have light out i went back to xtravi bulb that last much longer if you look on the back of the box it clear indic that the more expen brighter bulb last half as long as some the less bright one it is hard to believ they cannot make bright white bulb that last longer hope led headlight will have the right perform and price soon"
"purcha a set of these to replac origin in my 2010 suv absolut no differ in bright one of the worst invest i ever made dont wast your money have someon walk in front of you with a lit candl would be just as good"
"on compar these ultra bulb with the base silverstar that prece them the base blue pak silverstar is a much better light imho i actual went back to the base silverstar for what appear to be it superior illumin down the road that i experienc with both our 03 honda civic hb2 and 03 focu same bulb but 9003h4 design felt a bit scam by thi newer ultra offer realli and it true 6 mo top for life in both car but wouldnt be withoutbil h in the pacif northwest rain countri"
"i bought thi due to high review score and pricewish i had notstupid thing jam up the first time i put grea into it i push hard the first time and i got it to engag but the disengag tab pop out i took it apart resolv that issu as best as i could and the next time it jam again but thi time a good push just broke the plastic bush insidethi isnt my first grea gun and not the first one ive had design like thi it is the first one ive had that would jam up like thi piec of junk what a wast of money"
"i wa deceiv by some of the posit review of thi product ye it is heavi and feel substanti which some other review believ were indic of qualiti howev in my opinion thi product featur realli suck here is why1 the compressor hose detach off the bodi of the compressor via a quick connect you push togeth and pull out to disconnect the one i receiv wa defect i push it in one time then pull it out when i tri to connect it again the dang thing wouldnt connect in with a snap thi is unr how would you like to be strand with a flat and think ok i just got to air up the spare and be on my way on to find out you cant connect the stupid hose to the compressor hose that are perman connect are better ive had cheaper model ive kept in my car and use for 20 year and there never been a problem of the hose that wa perman connect fail thi detachalb hose on the slime is worthless2 i also complet disagr with other review about the screw on connect to the tire valv i prefer the snap down clamp type it so much easier to just snap the valv on rather than screw it on to the tire valv plu your tire valv is dirti so after you spend a few second screw it on most like you hand will be black ive had plastic snap down clamp on my other compressor and there never been ani failur or breakag of the plastic3 an the frickin bag that come with it is too dang small good luck tri to fit all the part back into the bagif you want conveni and reliabl when it count dont get thi compressor a big pita"
"i unpack thi grea gun put some thread sealant on the fit and tighten them up and use it to grea my truck i wa pretti happi with it until the next day when i pick it up and there wa grea leak out of it at the trigger and the bleeder valv also the descript say that it rate to 10000 psi the hose say it rate to 4500 psi next time ill go with my gut and spend some more money on someth that wont make me angri everi time i see it"
"i am sad to report that i have experienc a situat veri much like a few other review have mention the grea fit would not relea from the zerk and rip it right out of the ball joint assembl i had to retap the hole and buy a new zerk to repair the vehicl i had to get a pair of plier to remov the zerk from the grea gun as it wa complet and total stuck the biggest problem is that there is no size adjust on thi grea gun so you get what you get and cannot adjust the strength of the grip on the zerkoth than caus me to do an hour of extra work go to autozon to get a tap and zerk thi gun seem to be built realli well and it seem to be abl to get enough pressur to get the job done without too much issueamazon wa extrem easi to work with on the return of thi itemjust becaus i had a terribl experi with thi grea gun doesnt mean that you wont have good luck just be warn that the review that mention zerk be rip out are accur i discount these review when i order thi gun as i weight the overwhelminglyposit review score higher than the neg reviewsbottom line not recommend"
"i would say the claim of 51 watt equal 115 watt is just not true base on the claim i figur these bulb would just blow away my sylvania ultra star put the piaa in one light and compar to the sylvannia left in the other against my white garag door i saw no visibl differ in light output at all drove the truck and no differ color is on a veri slight differ shade of white i am not knock piaa as i know they do make qualiti product but the claim is mislead"
"i wa realli on the fenc with purcha thi batteri onlin batteri are heavyth carrier in my case up will treat thi batteri like they treat ani other heavi packag and toss it around i read the review the good and the bad and thought that they had resolv the poor packag issu sad they have not my batteri arriv with three of the four corner of the base snap off and the neg post bentuntil amazon realiz that these batteri need to be packag better they should not sell themupd i request a return but sinc thi batteri is consid a hazard materi they didnt want the batteri back but issu a full refund i tri it in my car and it work great for three month the batteri wa manufactur in februari 2012 but can bare hold a charg now"
"bought one for my 04 gto it last about a year and then die sit on the charger and wont go abov 105 volt i expect better"
"follow all the instruct on fill and charg im not new to motorcycl batteri thi batteri ha alreadi fail in take a full charg not even a year old at first i thought it wa my bike that wasnt chargingnop turn out thi batteri crap out i threw in a 7 year old drag specialti batteri i had and use thi yuasa as an expen paperweight"
"no sure if thi wa a good buy it went dead after sit a week recharg it up and it work fine need to see how long it hold a charg i charg it work a week befor i instal it into bike charg with a batterytend"
"fifti cent wort of tube and a nippl thi is a joke it now resid in a ziplock bag in a lower drawer of my tool box never to see the light of day again"
"i plan to use it in a five gallon bucket purcha from one of the two larg home center chain but they slope inward toward the bottom so the insert doe not sit on the bottom therefor it requir more than twice as much soap and water quantiti to be use"
"i wa excit to get thi seal condit use it the same day i got it howev littl more than half of the bottl use and the air in it ran out big bummer now i cant finish the slide out rubber and there will be a wast of product in a can with no air left in it big bummer wa realli expen for not be abl to use the entir can"
"ive use it a few time now on problem area on the car and it ha no effect i will tri someth el from a differ brand"
"i fail when purcha thi tool i wa tri to substitut for the real full size kit to do some of my jobsi stong suggest that you dont follow in my foot stepsi couldnt even use it onc myab it could have been that it didnt offer the right size or configur for the car i wa work on that day but there is someth el that is wrong with go with a tool like thi even if it had the right size or configur if the calip piston ha come out too far for thi tool to fit in between the calip and the piston then it would render it uselessi would recommend astro pneumat 78618 brake calip wind back tool set 18 piec whether it for profess use or person i strong suggest a tool like thi one it go to be worth the invest trust me as of thi review time it current 3692 from amazongood luck"
"i made the mistak of buy thi tool to chang my rear brake pad on my car think that i could get away with get the cheap tool i wish i would have just paid a littl more for the right tool as thi one wa such a pain to usefirst there werent ani pin set that fit my rear brake piston there wa one side that had 4 hous shape peg on the corner i had to grind off two of the peg and i could use that side those hous shape peg were the on one that actual fit in my car pistonssecond the metal is so soft on thi cube thing that when the cube slip out of the slot in the calilp the metal deform and becom round off and it make it that much harder to use after it slip off about 10 time it is almost unus i had to frequent go back and use my dremel to remov more materi off the peg to make them flat again on the side that had round offthird eventu those peg got too small and they would slip out even though they werent round off i had to switch to anoth side that had two round peg out at the corner howev those round peg were too big so i had to go back to my dremel to grind them down a bit to fit then start the process of slip and grind againfourth thi cube tool doe not compress the piston while turn it the compress come from your arm push on it and if you dont push it perfect straignt the cube slip so you cant put that much forc on it thi lead to take way longer to compress the piston then it should take with the proper tool that compress and turn at the same time these piston should be abl to be compress in about 5 minut each howev with thi tool it took me over two hour to compress one pistonfith becaus of all the grind i had to do thi tool is now worn out and wouldnt be good to use again on anoth brake job so im go to have to buy anoth tool when it come time to do rear brake againth is noth good about thi tool the on redeem qualiti about it is that i wa eventu abl to get the job done there were time in the middl where i thought i wa go to be run to the auto part store to buyrent the proper tool but it did make it through it probabl would have been quicker to make a trip out and get a new tool thoughdo yourself a favor and dont buy thi tool i wouldnt buy ani of these cube tool base on my experi with thi one just spend a littl more and get one of the rear brake piston set that compress the piston while turn i wish i had done that and i will do that for my next brake job sinc thi tool is now trash"
"lot of glow prai on thi item and while i agr with most of the comment like great leverag good in tight space easili adjust long reach and so on it fail me miser on the first use i had a filter that wa not hand tight as mani expect them to be when theyr readi to slide under and twist them off with just a light touch of pressur the filter on my 1999 expedit is right behind the bumper so im not sure if that placement expo it more to the element and make remov more difficult or if the filter wa last replac and tighten way too much last chang wa by a ford dealer becaus it wa a freebi i clamp onto the top of the filter and it immedi punch hole into it with the claw that are suppo to grip the filter and then came the oil down my arm i tri again at the base of the filter where there a littl more metal and immedi got anoth set of hole i went for the strap wrench but that wouldnt budg it either i final got it off with my kr tool 12153 16inch groov joint plier i know all filter arent difficult to remov but ive been chang my oil filter plu most repair for about 50 year and thi is not the on filter i have had problem remov i will be purcha a cap type filter wrench and have given thi wrench 1star becaus i could not get the filter off with it and it punch hole in the filter and sinc thi tool is pretti much useless for ani other job itll like be donat or just sink to the bottom of my auto tool drawer i dont care about the hole as much as i did the result oil leak or the potenti that the filter may have to be remov in piec im also surpri that one review talk about hole and how thi wrench didnt caus ani in the remov or instal and i think anyon who tighten a filter with a wrench is ask for problem i have purcha quit a few tekton tool on amazon from wrench to socket and have not been disappoint until now last if your filter is on tight you should be abl to exert enough pressur with a tool to get it off without punch hole in itsinc i wa abl to get it off with the plierskr tool 12153 pro seri 16inch groov joint pliersthat would seem to be the better tool invest if you have a larg filter at least the jaw have more teeth for a better grip the teeth are not like to punctur the filter it ha a lot more potenti for other use where an oil wrench doe not and the price is about the same i have use the plier on mani other thing without an issu or damag to what i wa work on especi good for my 112 pvc irrig and pump line"
"they squish flat even lift my 96 328i which is not a heavi car cant think about use them on my tiguan sinc it is even heavier the way they bend flat i cant imagin them hold up for a long time"
"be care use thi it slip off my jack while lift the car caus the jack to dent the undercarriag"
"liter order it yesterday and got it today with amazon prime recommend by scotti kilmer so i think it should at least do some good work my 944 porsch ha a belli pan so i cant tell if it leak on the floor but it should do someth at leastthey rai the price of thi item 23 dollar and instead of free ship you pay for it now so it use to be about 879 tax now it 11 someth tax ship disgust"
"i cant say thi product work on the two vehicl i tri it on it made one vehicl wor than it wa befor i ad it"
"i bought thi befor a road trip and it arriv the day befor i had to depart the fit guid said that i bought the right size for my tire but it is short by over a foot i cant realli comment on the product but i realli hope it doesnt snow on my trip becaus im in a bad place if it doessc1036 doesnt even come close to fit on a 26540r18"
"i have a power bright pw110012 which work well and the power bright specif state these are veri effici unit 90 max which is whi i also tri thi smaller unit for anoth needthi invert is heavili built and on the outsid seem like a qualiti unit when first power up use the accessori outlet adapt the unit ran my 75 watt current draw okay i then switch to a set of hd cabl i use for the larger invert which probabl had noth to do with thi issu for anoth test with the same load and a few second later smoke and flame billow out of the back for sever second the green ac power led in the front wa still on and it may have been produc ac power but i wa busi shut down the test and did not verifyfor the money thi seem like a great unit and it probabl is defect happen even to the best of item but i replac it with a 150 watt tripplight which will travel better for it intend usag"
"all it doe is scrape and pit your batteri termin i realli dont see the point of get thi tool scotchbrit spong would work better to clean the batteri termin"
"thi the first time that i receiv a packag like thisth car wax contain wa bust and it wa all over the box i wa realli disappoint i dont know what to expect next time such a wast"
"like a few other review ive had thi charger kill a few batteri it seem like if there is a power outag that last longer than a few second these guy get confus the batterymind ha kill 3 batteri for me like thi everyth is fine power goe off for a coupl of hour you dont think about it and then daysweeksmonth later you go back and the thing ha a red light on and your batteri is at 12 volt thi is a design problem the charger should not discharg batteri no matter what it also doe not charg weak batteriesi would have thrown mine away but the desul mode ha brought back a few batteri from the deadin conclus good desulf poor charger and unr maintain"
"i knew it wasnt for my grea gun but with some alter it will squeak byfor 6 and free ship it will hope work as good as the larg hose clamp i previous use"
"first their site gave me the wrong direct took awhil to find the right one thi thing onc instal ha never work right sometim it work fine then random stop work all togeth mute button on work when i hold it down and it cycl on and off i have to relea it and hope it stop on mute volum work for about 4 notch then wont go back down also i need to push the button realli hard to make thi thing respond befor it wa just a light touch thi thing is irrit and frustrat go with the axxess aswc same price doesnt need to go though a complic program process and actual work"
"thi product wa easi enough to instal as im electron inclin howev i ran into a bit of an issu after the instal wa complet and the unit wa program it fail to control my kenwood dnx6960 reliabl sometim it work for everi button press sometim it didnt work at all sometim it work for all button other time on some button functionedi triplecheck everyth which wa fine and then began research the problem while research i stumbl across a bulletin from the manufactur appar some of the swijack unit were missold at the factori and fail to oper kenwood head unit even when proper wire into place wow just wow talk about bad qualiti controlfortun mine wa proper solder on the insid sad though thi didnt help me find a solut ultim i live with the sporad function of the unit until my metra axxess aswc arriv im much happier with the axxess aswc it use a steer wheel control wire off the radio har rather than need to be connect direct to the vehicl bcm it also autodetect the head unit it may need a 12k reisstor in the line on dure autodetect for some kenwood head unit but the dnx6960 isnt one of them mean no program is necessari and it competit price i strong recommend the metra axxess aswc over the pac swijack unless you just have to have a pac swijack especi if your work on a gm truck in conjunct with a kenwood head unit"
"ok so these look like they might be ok for the price and are made in washington state buy local thing i wa terribl disappoint that a local washington state compani would claim these are waterproof they know how it rain here these boot leak bucket as the water ran off my waterproof ride suit pant leg right down into the upper part of the boot within minut of ride the boot wa satur the zipper also fail after about a week the upper stop came off and the zipper just pull right off in my hand dont expect ani support or protect from thi boot either it front is sort of armor but the side and the rest of the boot is veri veri thin materi vega will not deal with ani of these issu and say i must go through the dealer i purcha them from howev the dealer say they didnt make the boot or the claim of waterproof so that a warrantyadverti issu and to go through vega catch 22 right if i ever get thi resolv to my satisfact return for full refund ill post how much effort it took for now i would avoid vega at all cost due to poor product and terribl custom servic"
"i havent had a chanc to use them in the rain but for normal ride they are veri good easi to put on with the two zipper and they seem to have a complet liner that is waterproof comfort too they are not sidi or bmw qualiti but for the price are finethi wa ad after a 4 hour ride in the rain thi boot is a rain magnet i had so much water in these it could be dump out i need to chang these to no star as the main point of buy a waterproof boot is to have it be waterproof and these are not dont buy these if you want ani sort of water resist or water proof as they are bad for that"
"super light weight that whi the 2 star some peopl would like how light they are but not me id think if you crash the road would chew these up like it wa noth so ill save my feet and get some real thick boot"
"if your up for a tuneup these plug are worth replac the oem plug my engin run smoother and throttl respon is notic dont expect miracl like a sudden increa in mpg your not turn your car into a hybrid just replac old copper core singl arm plug with a new materi for better sparkwith hope of better perform it not much more expen than copper plug so it wa definit worth a trythi model wa a direct replac for my age 1996 infin i30 v6 no problem with instal but make sure to buy the anti lubricantupd took my car to the shop for other work and after pull these plug they said thi model 4501 wa the wrong one for my 1996 infin i30 but amazon makemodel filter list that these work and they fit fine mayb the 4 electrod make the plug run hotter that may not be good on my old car not sureil keep them in for a littl while longerupd 2 sept 15 2012 so a littl over 6 month 5k mile of run with these plug all of a sudden my car stumbl on accel after googl for possibl answer came up on a few complaint about bosch plug fail i replac them with some singl prong ngk vpower and the problem went away the bosch didnt look like they fail but it may burn too hot for my old car im glad the problem wasnt seriou i did receiv my 4 rebat check so each plug end up net 2 so not worth it go through bosch product guarant return process they dont cover sh read that they discontinu these plug and use the rebat to get rid of dead inventori it may work for you but i would stick to someth closer to oem like ngk or denso if i were you"
"with 50000 mile my factori iss wa make noi like they all do i put thi one in with a new green bear and it wa mayb 50 better then after 2 month it wa noisier than the factori one i took out and threw away now it realli loud thi wa a 100 wast of money"
"thi steer shaft is of poor design the factori shaft is much better than thi one i instal it no problem but the clearanc were bigger then the one i took off i dont recommend thi item for ani one tri to up grade to someth better it not"
"one down side bottl can and will fell off due to the fact of the design adjust arm cannot hold a 34full heavy34 16oz water bottl those arm spread easier than a legsi actual gotem glue with epoxi use a coke bottl as standard measur be care not to glueem to wide apart or the lid wont close"
"ive had a pair of rainx latitud wiper on my lexu rx300 for two month i thought they were great and did a good job clear the windshield until today today we had our first snow and sleet of the season in philadelphia as i drove to the groceri store the driver side wiper fail catastroph the entir blade assembl with the except of the mount clip that fit into the car metal j arm ie the wiper arm fell off the car as i wa drive immedi cost me visibl in the sleet if you look at the pictur of the wiper the black plastic part in the middl essenti broke off of the blade assembl there wa not much slush built up on the windshield at the time on a bit that the blade had push up and to the left side of the windshield while i drove it wasnt as though i wa tri to use the wiper on pack ice or anyth given the premium price of the blade i wa surpri at how weak the construct wasit should go without say that a product failur of thi natur is unaccept given how import visibl is when drive at speed in inclement weather been work on car for more than twenti year i know how to instal blade i proper instal these wiper accord to the includ rainx direct after the blade fell off the car the connector wa still proper mount to the car wiper arm howev the product failur wa that the rainx connector fail to hold the blade becaus i still have the connector i took a close look at it it on some plastic and upon inspect doe not seem like a veri robust design these wiper werent proper design andor manufactur to withstand real world condit i see other review below have had similar bad experiencesil be stick with bosch etc in the futur buy at your own risk"
"after on a few day my 26 wiper develop a larg area that it would not wipe so i had to buy a new wiper sinc it may be due to get a bad one and sinc the smaller wiper seem to work better ill give it two star instead of just one"
"these are the worst wiper blade i have ever use they leav streak on the windshield and do a horribl job in the rain i tri to contact the seller to ask them for an exchang on to be told that my return date expir if there were neg star i would use them for thi product even cheap wiper blade do a better job than these blade"
"i have a 2005 bmw 330xi these are some of the few wiper blade that have the correct veri larg adapt for my model bmw i on know if thi wiper blade and icon for have the correct fitth squeak streak and are just a pain there are time where the smallest bit of water is on my windshield and it just spread the water around more and it becom more of an issuemayb it is just the pair i got but for the price of these i fulli expect them to work flawless but sad these are absolut horridi have heard good thing about bosch icon so i will be give those a tri here soon"
"these wiper blade leav a smear on the driver side 2005 ford f150 that is outright danger if drive at night i discov the problem dure a 2200 road trip through colorado in januari not be abl to see at night is no fun have to stop at ga station to do the wiper job is silli these wiper are expen but their perform is unaccept"
"ive had my eye on these wiper blade for a while becaus i had heard some pretti good thing onc a sale hit i wa all over themth veri first thing i notic when i replac the oem blade on my 2013 charger wa how massiv the bracket are i didnt have ani delus about a universalfit part look like a contigu part of my wiper arm but serious the bracket on thi is just hugei appreci how wellconstruct the rest of the blade seem to be and that in spite of the gigant bracket the blade didnt wobbl then i tri them out ugh they streak like no other ive actual treat my windshield withrainx 800002243 glass treatmentand i use rainx washer fluid religi so if there a windshield in town that should be slicker than a well you know it mine yet these blade do a horrend job of keep my windshield clearaft a coupl of week i end up put the oem blade back on those yearold blade perform far better than these new one"
"i realli thought these blade would be awesom replac for my oem i wa wrong they do not form to the window and they leav streak right in the eye line of the windshield im definit go to replac them soon but will not be buy rain x ever again"
"i purcha thi 24 inch wiper blade think it wa a qualiti product after one month i got one streak by six month the whole contact area wa streak i purcha the good year assur at costco buy one get one free for 799 and after six month on my other car they still work like newth 18 inch rainex i purcha still work fine after six month but be pair up with a loser i chang them bothgoodyear gywb76524 assur black premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade 24 pack of 1i had the latitud on my other car in 24 and 18 inch and after a few month they began to squeak it is amaz how much you pay and how littl you getrainex work veri well but their wiper blade and window cleaner are not worth buy just goe to show what happen when a compani expand the product line and forget the qualiti"
"squeepsqueepthunkthunksnack thunksnackknockwhack knockwhackkveetchchitchitcrunksnitbut whi belabor the point work well for about six month then start smear a littl and the noi got more interest over time and intolerableback to bosch for me"
"these work for about a week and then cea to function the way they first did i would not recommend them for a jeep vehicl i would search for a differ brand"
"clunki and heavi i previous use microfib towel but decid to give thi mitt a tri i will be go back to the towel thi thing is clunki heavi and hard to remov debri from in the wash bucket skip it look into other option"
"thi is a rel cheap wash mitt there is a lot of foam pad howev the actual microfib content is minim and not thick or plush there are mani better higher end microfib towel avail from dedic detail store"
"weve alway use a fluffi wash cloth to wash our vehicl but i figur there must be someth better my search for a wash mit found these so i bought 2the pro low cost the ship is includ veri good reviewsth con these are huge way too larg for our larg xl hand awkward for clea in tight areasim not say these mitt wont work for you we dont care for these theyr go in the donat box were back to use a fluffi wash cloth"
"the mitt is okay but too thinit feel like a thin towel when you use it to wash your carand the mitt is too big my hand wa move all over insid of itmitt wa okay but materi wayyyi tooo thin need to be much thicker if it want to do the job rightbett off get a microfib towel or spong than thi"
"thi mitt is a bit thinner than i expect and doesnt hold as much soapwat as i had hope when you pull it out of the bucket it realli just drain off quick so you have to hurri and get it onto the car also it white so it show dirt and grime veri quick as you wash i wa surpri at how much grit and grime actual stuck to the mitt even though i wa use the 2bucket method it just didnt wash off in the rin water my old trusti microfib spong work better than thi mitt unfortun and the grit and grime rin right off the spong but not thi mitt anoth dud from meguiar see my water magnet review"
"it may seem soft which is is but someth i dont like about it nowher to trap dirt i love the other wool mit or the standard old school one which work perfect thi seem like good qualiti but doesnt have alot of soap sud and idk scare it will scratch black car"
"i wa extrem disappoint in thi item most of the camco stuff i have is pretti good but the problem with thi meter is the clear plastic face is not static proofwhen compar with my fluke multimet thi meter read about 2vac high at 120vac or about 16 offwhen you get the meter it ha a piec of protect plastic over the bezel and just remov it will induc enough static electr to caus the pointer to chang and if you brush across the bezel with your finger you can make it read anywh from 110v to 130v becaus the static electr affect the needlemost meter use a plastic bezel that is immun to static and doe not do thi i dont know if the problem is the plastic the manufactur use or perhap they fail to treat it with some chemicalsad there are not a lot of option for other brand i like an analog meter in thi case as you can see voltag fluctuat a whole lot better than you can with a digit meterhop over time thi meter will lose it sensit to static electr"
"i took a flier on thi after read the review i lost the meter is easili 59 volt off test with my multimet and confirm with my volt meter app on my power supplydont wast your money amazon should serious consid drop thi item from it websit"
"after a power outag i connect my refrig to thi power suppli sad it invert wa unabl to support my refrig the duracel dpp600hd doesnt have enough momentari output to handl the initi startup current spike of a refrig compressor motor the specif say it can momentarili provid up to 960 watt thi equat to 8 amp at 120v yet public benchmark figur for a home refrig startup current indic 13 amp for up to 12 second other applianc that use electr motor such as sump pump are like to exhibit the same characterist my suggest is that custom immedi test thi product with ani devic they intend to power dure an outagesom import specif are miss in the amazon list one of the key static is the capac of the intern batteri which is 28 amphour at 12 v thi equat to 336 watt hour yet ac output is much lower than thi presum due to invert loss these loss increa with power output the follow tabl illustr thi the last column is my calculationloadwattshourswatthourscordless telephone5350 175portabl stereo10220 220laptop computer2070 140fan1001717036 tv13312 16038 drill30004 115warmair fan heater31204 109blender38503 109hid floodlights40003107observ that the total energi deliv watthour drop with power consumpt ultim the usabl energi is signific less than what is contain within the lead acid batteryfor refer a refrig will use about 200 watt of electr when the compressor is run typic consum will have their refrig run about 50 to 60 of the time which equat to an averag of 100120 watt be consum continuouslyconsdoesnt handl current spike associ with certain electr motorsprosboth ac and dc outputportablesimpl oper"
"i had read mani mix review but i order thi wrench hope it would work out well for me unfortun for my circumst i found it difficult to get the wrench to grip the oil filter you must be abl to get one hand on the filter to hold the jaw of the wrench in place as you move the wrench to loosen to filter i found thi to be more troubl than it worth mayb it would work better on anoth vehicl with more room to work and a differ size filter i wa abl to turn my filter by hand but if i couldnt im sure i could have gotten thi wrench to work but it wa more difficult than i wa expect"
"kind of flimsi i ultim just use a channellock tongu and groov plier to grip and unscrew the oil filter plu the channellock is more use for other task after you yank the oil filter off the first time just hand tighten the next time it is more than enough to prevent leak both by my anecdot experi 5 year of chang my own oil and per expert onlin and allow you to hand unscrew it in the futurebottom line dont wast your money get a channellock instead"
"i would not recommend to buy thi at all it is veri slipperi and not use for hold the jack in place i do not know whi they would sale such unsaf product lawyer should make a case out of thi product"
"when these are attach to the lynx level block the instant you hit it it pop off the block it attach to so i guess it doe let you know when your on the block but it not confid inspir at all now sit in the garag ignor"
"thi item includ 2 veri small piec of sandpap of differ coar it would be nice if they were label 2 small tube of polish compound and 2 small polish cloth in my opinion it8217 not worth the price"
"the direct are poor writtenth process did not work for me i wa veri disappoint after read so mani posit review"
"didnt do anyth for the scratch no impact at all frank i am high disappoint do not recommend you to buy and use thi"
"to me grabag the qualiti of thi set ha gone downhil imo i have an older set that rock so i bought thi newer set for anoth trailer garbag mismatch look pin and lock hitch cover lock is plactic and doesnt hold well i would recommend buy local so that you can tri it and return it thank you amazon for allow me to return thi pog"
"the pin 10mm is too wide for the disc brake hole and the disk is too wide for the lock to easili slip on and off without damag the dick bake itself great lock for other bike i suspect but not design for thick brake disk with smaller hole"
"ive got a sport bike that doesnt have ani storagebefor i had a smaller disc lock made by someon el but the intern on it alway lock up even when i had the keyso i got thi one want someth betterthi one is too big to mount in the littl spot i had beforeit came with a littl nylon carri bag and i tri mount that to the motorcycl but it didnt stay i took it off befor it fell off and i lost the locknow if i plan to go somewh that i want to lock up the motorcycl walmart or some sketchi bar i will tuck thi into the pocket of my ride jacket if i rememb it the problem is i have never rememb itiv never gotten ani use out of it yet there it sit brand new and never flaw"
"lock attach to the brake calib just fine but found after about 2 week of leav it on when i insert key it wouldnt come loo without hit and pull onc i got it off i spray dri liquid wrench grea and attach i work well at that point as i lock and unlock sever time again let it set about 2 week i went to unlock and same problem thi time i resort to wd40 and lock and unlock sever time without ani problem two or three week later here we go again the lock doe attach to the calib just fine and the tire cant be roll without caus damag to the brake calib so secur is not a problem it just get the thing to unlock smooth without appli altern mean and method for get the thing to relea"
"the trimax t3black receiv lock is one of the best lock offer it plenti long and veri well made the weight and feel of the metal is a testament to it qualiti and workmanship i am veri satisfi with the lock the rubber lock cover keep out dirt and water it is definit worth the moneyupd after go thru a brutal winter in ohio thi lock rust and the key wouldnt open it i end up have to cut it off which by the way wasnt easi mayb if i would have lube it good and made sure the cover wa on constant it may have last for that reason alon i reapprai it to one star"
"i have a 750 honda shadow and thi will not fit over the disk brake it wa too cheap to hassl with the return"
"i see that no one ha left a review in a while so they no one may have order for a 2012i order thi for my 2012 jk and it doe not fit the circumf for the steer wheel wa right but i assum the thick of the steerng wheel ha chang as thi doe not cover the steer wheel correct front to back and i had to remov and return"
"it wa way too small for an adult head after test it a coupl of time i start get dizzi and not sure whether it wa the fume i wa smell when the mask wa tight close to my nose anyway i simpl cannot rate thi ani higher not becaus of the small size but more about the odorfum"
"ive use rainx product on and off for year while rainx doe shed water from the windshield as adverti be advi that it leav a hazi film on the windshield that produc a glare when illumin by overhead street light and oncom traffic light which danger impair vision and the abil to see the road ahead of you thi is true dure daytim drive but is more so while drive at night especi as you pass underneath ambercolor street light onc appli rainx is difficult to remov and take quit a while to wear off by itself after a recent windshield replac to which i appli rainx i realiz just how bad my vision wa impari by use thi product glass cleaner didnt seem to work so to remov the rainx i resort to a superconcentr windshield cleaner it took sever attempt and a lot of elbow grea but i eventu wa abl to remov the product from my windshield i toss the remain rainx product in the trash so my kid wont be tempt to use it on their car windshield"
"they ship thi in a box with no wrap around it thi allow cardboard dust to get all over it there is a ton of lint and residu left behind i bought these for auto detail main to remov wax or quick detail i would not use to buff wax the residu is annoy buy a better qualiti cloth"
"these are perfect for someon who ha some extra cash that theyd prefer to wast but doesnt have a lighter handi to just burn ita other have said cheap thin nonabsorb the rever side ha some kind of fishnet god forbid your clean someth reckless and accid get a wipe in with ani part of the fishnet face downward youll have some nice scratch in your paint or plastic or whatev it is you like to polishto make thing even weirder they have tag on them and theyr on the microfib side what yep it a 1side product and they put the tag on the on usabl side geniu have some scissor readi to cut those off"
"as other have mention these have a plastic mesh on one side so you can on use onc side of each cloth the mesh also make it veri precari and frustrat to usethey do clean glass quit well although in the futur i will like look to anoth microfib cloth that doesnt have one side which is useless in fact after on a few use i grew fedup with these and toss them in the trash"
"look cheap the hook sit out too far so i dont feel comfort leav them hang in the cari dont want someon to accid snag themselv or hit their face on thi in the back seatespeci with a child in the back"
"let me say that for the price 650 it hard to complainthey are a heavi gaug steel and look like they will hold up to a reason amount of weight that is i doubt youd have anyth in a groceri bag that would creat a problem for themthey came a littl bent upeasili fixedwhat i didnt like wa that the protect end wa not plastic or rubber but wood 2 of them were deliv unattach to the end of the hook and just like in the pictur of one of the other review one of them split in half when i tri to put it back oni need to find some new cap to replac the wood as the end are just a littl jag without the protect end on i suggest that the manufactur switch to plastic or rubber and someth that stay onupd downgrad my reviewsoon all of the wooden cap had broken off thi creat a hazard for littl kid in the back seat as well as my flip up rear seat they are on use if they are in the car and i had to take them out to save eye and upholsteri"
"we own an airoswiss ao 7135 ultrason humidifi for a few week now the machin ha indic through it warn light that it requir clean our airoswiss 7135 is hypersensit it warn light goe on with the tiniest invi speck so initi we bought airoswiss ez cal cleaner descal didn8217t do the trick thereaft we replac the demin cartridg and content still no chang even after follow the instruct to the letter and clean with special brush our humidifi wouldn8217t extinguish it clean light so last resort thi ezcal pro again appli the product as instruct without success so our humidifi is present run with the irrit littl light on but oper as it should be nevertheless the ez cal cleaner descal and the ezcal pro liquid didn8217t do wonder in our case either so cant say that were thrill with the airoswiss mainten product in the futur well stick to vinegar or some other gener decalcif agent"
"ok i purcha thi for my bike becaus i had a good experi with anoth accutir pressur gaugebut thi one 34sucks34 it work ok when i first got it but after 2 year the batteri went dead and i on use it mayb 20 time my other accutir pressur gaug is 10 year old and im still on the origin batteri so i purcha a new batteri and found out you have to take thi whole thing apart to get to where the batteri is buri so i take it apart veri care not to lose these veri small part and replac the batteri so happi with my batteri instal i go out to my garag and tri it out and all i get is 1 psi on the lcd so i tri a differ car same thing 1 psi thi is a dispo item when the batteri die you just throw it away and buy a new one no thank i will keep use my analog pressur gaug"
"dont believ the ad statement heavi duti cord translat into heavi duti anyth other than mayb rubber insul thi is for lowpow item on it is 20awg wire insid bare enough wire diamet to run a 5watt speaker if you think you are go to plug in a tire inflat a 1000000 candl spotlight etc you are sad mistaken thi is not repeat not heavi duti it is a crime that the wire awg american wire gaug is not list in the spec otherwi you would know that plug in a heavi amperag load is either go to burn thi up in a split second or turn it into a heater coil and set your car on fire when you tri if you want to charg a cell phone an ipad etc on it go ahead no problem but the problem is most peopl buy an exten cord for a cigarett lighter to do someth with a heavi amp load outsid of the vehicl thi will not support a heavi amp load"
"i bought thi in may of 2013 and it now septemb 1 2013 i tri to use thi cord for the first time over the labor day weekend holiday with no result michigan summer feel mani time like your in kentucki with the heat humid with that said i need someth to cool me down camp along the west michigan shorelin the endless breez did a great job of that but i need an exten cord to run it i final open thi exten cord up and tri to use it noth i thought that mayb i need to check the fuse so i did and guess what it didnt even have the capabl of use a fuse that danger and could blow an electron devic upi notifi amazon and as usual they gave me an opportun to send it back even though im out of the return date thank amazon your the best"
"so i bought thi after the tool said thi would fit my car well after some further research and tri to instal it i found that it doesnt go in my car nor doe my model even take a cabin filter"
"it wa hard to fit or put indid i say i smell chine dungwel doe not fit like it wa made for the cari smell chine dung dont you"
"terribl piec of item i have ever purchasedi threw away the product and purcha a better product at walmart"
"did not fit my car filter har after amazon compat tool said it would there wa a 1534 gap compar to the oem filter i have a 2006 honda civic si steer clear of thi if you own the same car"
"these are ok they keep the water from reach the floor but without ridg they also keep the water to where it hit your shoe in and out of the car in snowi and ici condit and you can be damn sure that you are go to end up get freez water in your shoe as an unplea surpri they are hard to empti without spill becaus of the lack of a lip on the front of the liner so you either wait till the water dri on it own which doesnt happen in winter soak it up with a towel or attempt to empti it and end up with water exact where it wasnt suppo to go howev they probabl work fine for sandi or muddi condit as they are pretti easi to clean off over there are better option and i wish i had gone with one of the other option instead"
"i wont recommend thi product i have a compressor for my car 12v and i bought thi it dosent work"
"i wa use thi to power my viair 00073 70p heavi duti portabl compressor but with 6amp it doenst do the job return it and went with schumach 1216 12v 15 amp power convert good to go"
"we have these on the awn of our rv the metal portion rust the first season we use them would not buy replac"
"i use my batteri tender a lot so i just throw it in a plastic shop bag rather then to stuff it in thi littl case i end up use thi case for small part etc then to store the batteri tender that i like in it it just need to be a littl larger"
"i previous own the cabl luber that on ha 1 thumb screw could never get that one to work i thought thi one would do the trick i could not get thi one to work as well"
"first off let me say that i am high doubt that thi pump could possibl reach 300psi it a cheap auto pump equip with a cheap dim safeti light the digit pressur gaug doesnt seem to work at all mine jump around from 14psi to 98psi in moment if you want to use the digit display more than onc you have to unplug and replug the unit stupid there are much much better product out there keep look"
"i tri thi one one of my tire when i unbox it and when it shut off the display would never come back on i wa readi to give up right there until i saw anoth review had a similar issu and that it would work again after be unplug from power and plug back in right there that make thi unit a fail for me sinc if you have to remov power between wheel it becom much more of a pain to deal with but a few day later it actual did not kill the display after shut off automat with one tire so it wasnt just by design it seem to just be total intermittentth abil to set a pressur and let it stop when it hit that pressur is a great concept but thi thing hasnt work anyth near as adverti i set if for 38 psi sinc my tire max at 44 and the manufactur suggest 33 but i like a littl stiffer wheel than that on one tire it shut off about 375 on anoth i had to stop it at 39 myself becaus it never did shut off on the other two it wa about 375 or so accept you can pick in 1 psi increment abov 30 and it read in 12 psi increment but when i test with a veri good tire pressur gaug the read thi wa give wa realli around the scale the tire that wa inflat to 39 psi befor i shut it off myself wa actual at 41 one of the one that shut off about 375 one wa actual 35 one wa actual 37then there the issu with the rubber insid the valv piec the veri first tire i put thi on and then remov a piec of the rubber seal insid the nozzl fell to the floor it like it dri rot alreadi or someth and the plastic lever to lock and unlock is not veri strong at all and bend to the point im afraid it will snap when im put it on or offnoth about thi unit scream qualiti which would explain the low price the concept is good but the execut fail in mani mani way"
"there are better choic in air compressor than thi unit i dont like the fact that the digit gaug stop work after it reach the preset pressur the unit must be unplug and plug in again to get the gaug work again also the gaug is not veri accur the compressor take too long to inflat my car tire to the correct pressur 32psi it may be good for light duti stuff like pool float and the like but it is not power enough to inflat auto and truck tire thi may be a good compressor to leav in the car for emerg but there are better choic i purcha thi campbel hausfield compressor for under 20 sever year ago and it is still work great but it doesnt have a pressur gaugecampbel hausfeld rp1200 12volt compact inflat"
"i bought thi for automot detail interior engin bay wheel etc thi product fall short in two veri import area 1 the bristl are not stiff enough to do ani real clean you appli pressur and it lose shape veri quick to the point where you are drag the side of the bristl around the area you are tri to clean 2 it shed like crazi ive use these brush half a dozen time alreadi and they are still shed whatev im clean end up with loo bristl all over them"
"thi is a veri easi to use gaug that allow for neg adjust by simpli tap the button on the side to relea air while watch the read it seem well made and i hate to say i have drop it a coupl of time but with no ill effect other review have led me to believ that slime make some of the most accur gaug out thereupd 10113 it is now 9 lb off for no appar reason and is worthless"
"first time i zip pant leg the zipper broke off right in my hand lol now that qualiti buy someth el"
"i like the look of these when they arriv howev they are not veri heavi gaug metal and bend easili when instal onto the tail light the on good thing about thi is that they bend back into place just as easili as they had bent out of shape nice look but need to be better made"
"the fender flare arriv ahead of the schedul deliveri date the passeng side front fender ha a flaw in it the side mold do not fit flush against the fender flare the on posit is that the fender where easi to instal i would not recommend thi product to other"
"it a littl to small to fit my licen plate anyway i didnt want to take the time to send it back and look for anoth one so i made it fit mine i just use a pair of tin snip and trim off a small piec of the licen plate along the bottom it cant be seen sinc it behind the frame work fine but i shouldnt have had to do anyth so it pretti bad when you cant make someth to fit what it suppo to fit how hard would it be to measur a few differ state licen plate and make it big enough to fit the largest one"
"cheap plastic that crack easili and a wast of timeget someth that cost more and made betterth end"
"seem well made howev it is pretti slow pump 10w30 oil at room temp the engin should be warm upth plastic clip use to pinch off the line until vacuum is built up seem to deform the plastic tube further slow down flowi just order a 38 fuel onoff valv for under 500 on amazonand will elimin that clip which should help51214 updat remov the plastic pinch valv and put on the abov brass 38 onoff valv thi valv definit seal better and may allow more flow as the hose isnt pinch at all anymor it still take much longer to pump 10w30 oil than i expect count on a half hour for 4 quartsif i knew and i did watch a video show oh well it work how slow thi is i would have simpli purcha and still may an electr pump"
"i guess that im old school but thi product is not for mefirst as other have state spatter is a problem no matter how care you aresecond there not a lot of surfac contact area so it take a long time to get anywherethird even if you are care in squez out the ball after you wash it it take a veri long time day to dri outmi suggest is to take some fluffi old athlet sock and do the job by hand that a lot of work but it seem to go faster than with the ball it also easier to judg where you have beendisclaim my experi is limit and i have on tri thi product on an old car that ha set unwax for near 30 year if your car is newer and the paint ha been kept up you may have better luck with the ball i plan to tri it on a honda crv with nice paint and will provid an updat follow thathop the next experi will be magic"
"i am read lot of bad review on these pigtail what worri me the most is some seem to be ship with a differ thread type and peopl are strip them tri to make them work whi the heck cant these be standard ive also read that some come with differ size of npt as well as differ thread type it seem that what is list is not alway what you order and on top of that someon like me who doe not know how to recogn the differ thread type and size wont even know if i receiv the correct part or the wrong parti recommend you doubl check your part number on the hose befor instal them to avoid strip your regulatori thought whi not use quick connect hose to connect my regul to my applianc it seem these mate up nice to other quick connectsbut on if made by camco and then these quick connect fit dont mate up easili to the other part like regul etc wtf i need still anoth adapt and some peopl tell me perhap multipl adapt to make it all work im not go to use three differ adapt to mate up a quick connect that mean i have a huge lunk thing stick out readi to be damag knock out of place that is sure to leak out all my expen propaneok so i call camco i want to be sure i order the right part and spoke to two differ peopl at camco that blew me off it seem camco part dont necessarili fit each other and they dont sell adapt to make them fit it would be great if they could provid some custom support and perhap make up some custom hose to help peopl make thing worki give thi a 1 star becaus camco huge fail in help me put togeth a system that will allow me to hook up extern tank to my rvone star also becaus they ship differ type of hose fit and buyer dont know what they are gettinghonest id like to order one of everi one of their part and analyz them im an engin and if i cant figur out what to order base on conflict informationreview that report receiv differ size fit 1434 npt than specifi 3834 npt and a multitud of part numbersand a need for adapt when a buyer should be abl to buy everyth he or she need without an adapterit all tell me camco ha not thought out how their product are usedthink about it there are on so mani way propan tank hose and applianc are hook up i dont see ani need for adapt other than those that attach to the tank"
"use a 6 gal plastic ga can been use mine for 8 year so far"
"for almost 9 thi is too much i recycl my old 1 gallon milk jug and take them to my auto store for recycl thi is much easier on the wallet sinc you alreadi bought the milk"
"the toler on the thread of thi contain are poor grant it is quit inexpen and the consum can on expect so much at thi price point i have test about a dozen of these contain sold at variou retail outlet not a singl one could be tighten such that i wa unabl to squeez air out of it while thi may not be a problem for high viscou oil other more volatil compound which may contamin the oil could leak outiron you can purcha a similar size kitti liter contain at aldi for the same price use the litter for an oil absorb if you dont own a cat"
"dure the first week the anco wiper wa on the driver side of my outdooron car we had 80 degr weather rain sleet snow the anco wiper start leav a small eyelevel streak after 4 day the streak is faint but definit there and annoying right at eye levelmi passeng side wiperacdelco 22acd clear vision wiper blade with wear indic 22 pack of 1 ha been on my car sinc the begin of the year and ha been through multipl snow storm and freez temperatur the ac delco wiper continu to be streakfreei am go to put the driver side acdelco wiper back on my car it ha a higher profil arm but it doe a great job"
"these did not fit my 08 suburban the descript said w 9x3 hook so i assum that to be includ it wasnt and i wa unabl to use these on my 08 suburban"
"i realli do like beam style wiper they dont rust they look nicer than the old fashion style of wiper and they perform better in most instanc except thi oneth 22 anco contour wiper i mount on the driver side of my 2007 hyundai accent a part match fit accord to amazon part finder wont conform complet or correct to the curvatur of the windshield it leav a section of the windshield partial wipe put a streak of water a coupl inch wide and right in my line of sight ive tri clean the window and wipe down the blade but noth solv the issu a visual inspect of the 22 blade reveal no physic defect or flawsth 16 anco contour blade i have instal on the passeng side of my accent clear the window without thi problemi have also notic that at highway speed abov 65 mph both blade seem to lift off the windshield and are less effect at clear water away even though these blade have a spoiler built into them to cut down on thi high speed problemi realli want to like these blade they fit on my car without the need of a bulki and unsight adapt like some other brand requir you to use unfortun look arent realli an import featur in a wiper blade perform is and unfortun these blade just dont cut itupdateaft just a coupl week on the vehicl the 22 wiper on the driver side is leav a four to six inch wide section of the windshield right in my line of sight on partial clear review drop to one star blade toss in the trash"
"these wiper were instal on my priu ive had it for sever year and the origin wiper were just not clean as they use to i wa surpri that thi small car need a wiper that wa longer than the one my 4 runner usesim not sure whi but the larger blade start to leav about 2 to 3 inch smear in the middl of the blade i have reinstal it use my old trick of dilut vinegar to clean the blade and the windscreen and it still doe not do an adequ job the smaller blade is work fine but thi larger one will definit need to be replac befor the next few day of inclement weather"
"what junk scratch way too easi and wa scratch when i got them threw away dont wast your money is you ipe or wash your car"
"i wa pull over in texa and my wife just got pull over in vega for have the tint one on just anoth reason for pig to pull you over our have been on our car for six yearsnow all the sudden you cant have them on ur car i wa told on on the backit illegali will wait for them to make me take mine off"
"it work well for a few day and after that i have to dump my tank and deposit more biopak i just dont know i may be do someth wrong but i dont think so becaus i am follow the direct on the packag if ani one ha some tip plea post them"
"i wa hope thi tool to be good but it ha poor design in my honest opinion the tool is way too bigtal and heavi becaus 50 of the time i cant take a tread read becaus the tool is too big to fit in between the tire and the upper wheel wall on most of the car i work on thi thing weigh like 12 pound and that just way too heavi for a tire tread gaug it doe feel rock solid sturdier though but it too difficult to use becaus it hard to quick retract the measur point in between take read"
""
"bought from amazon back in april 2012 didnt tri to use it until just recent my yokahama geoland tire when brand new had 1332 of tread use thi fowler digit gaug it told me i had 2332 of tread how is that possibl these tire are magic grow more rubber i check on multipl spot on the tire and wa alway around 2332 so at least that part is consist i went to the fowler home page and email them last week have yet to get a responsei end up purcha from amazon the milton s448 tire tread depth gaugework like a charm and much much cheaper not sure whi the fowler give me the whack out read took out batteri and replac itbut i guess there are alway defect onesespeci when deal with anyth electronicanoth reason to go with the milton tread gaugeveri basic yet it work"
"first i must say i hate purcha tool that on do one thingunitask i purcha thi socket tool becous i had to not beca i want to but quick found out i need anoth socket to turn it and here the kicker the socket is bigger then standard set 19mm or 34 so you have go out and purcha a 1516 or 24mm socket which is a huge socket i will never use thi socket unless i own a diesel truck add that to the cost of the wrench so about 8 dollar for the socket and the price of tool just to get start the oil filter wasnt on too tight so the cheaper plastic tool work out just fine for me the 24mm socket stay on the aluminum tool and should ship like that wast of time and money for a tool that on doe one task"
"i want to cover my spare receiv thi the day befor i went out of town right out of the box one of the seam at the black cord wa alreadi fray poor qualiti but you get what you pay for"
"vinyl is line with fleecelik materi entir sleev is veri pliabl just warm it up befor put them on strap are canvass cord with plastic buckl high recommendedupd 10272013 bare had these 2 12 month purcha august 7 2013 and one of the plastic buckl clip have broken i put them on onc for about 1 12 month remov them for a month to camp and just went to put them back on the clip on one of them just fell apart in my hand veri cheap do not recommend"
"these are cheap and bare cover the top of the tire it is also veri difficult to maneuv the elast strap around the back of the tire so it can latch to the other elast strip i liter have to use a stick wrap the long strap around it and push it so i can grab it at the other side i would think it would be a better design to put elast all the way around so the tire would be complet cover without have to awkward strap it down"
"these fit perfect on my tire but the strap that go around to hold them in place were not easi to connect i had to climb under the 5th wheel to connect the buckl normal thi would not be a problem except i park the rv in a gravel lot just be awar of how they secur on the back side"
"return thi fit wa okay but with on flimsi magnet to hold it in place there wa no way it wa go to stay put in a 5060 mph wind i wasnt will to risk it"
"i realli want thi to work it exact what i want the massiv tip on the end and the side spring design caus it to popout of my lighter socketi like the idea of the cover and it feel well builtdescript should have said someth about requir socket depthi suppo it will work in a deeper socket just not mine bummer"
"i tri it out in my car with a voltag meter and it would not work i check to see if i had fulli mate to make sure i had power fortun for me i touch my meter and it wa veri warm to the touch i unplug it and let it cool off i remov the adapt and plug my meter direct into the lighter fortun my meter still work i thought the adapt had short my meter the green light on the adapt show it wa get power from my car batteri but there must be an intern short which heat up my volt meter i guess you get what you paid for"
"walmart sell it for 1499 amazon need to drop the price to at least 1499editdo what it say it doe and doe it well 5 star for the product itselfthank to amazon for adjust the price to market condit 5 star for the price also"
"i order base on product name not size next time ill order by size well made but the connect is a littk weird"
"ive got a suburban furnac model nt16 if curiou and while these do fit the diamet of the open and the spring hold them on with the suburban design there is a big open gap at the bottom underneath the bottom screen it the way the outsid plate is mold it rai most of the way around except from about 5 oclock to 7 oclock there the screen bridg over the open gap and defeat the purpo ani bug that want in could get in grant it would stop a mouseyoud be better off if you have thi design get a rectangular one that cover the whole plate that what ill tri nextstil give it 2 star becaus im sure theyd work fine on a differ model but they should say what model these fit"
"the issu i had with these glove is they are so thin that just the rough handl of the fit can tear through them there are better glove out there which are probabl more expen so i suppo you get what you pay foron thing i found funni the packag also doubl as a case and they give you doublesid tape so you can mount it on a wall etcbut to use it you have to break open the 34slot34 which turn the packag into a dispen remov the glove the glove are seal in anoth piec of plastic and remov the doublesid tape which is also insid but the glove bundl is physic larger than the slot so you end up have a hard time remov the glove as well as reinsert them after remov the inner glove packag"
"i travel all summer i am dump tank a few time a week i need a dispo glove to keep my hand from get dirti with wast so i can toss them and get in the truck to drive off to my next stopth i would not consid noth more than cheap thin plastic glove baggi sandwich bag would work as good and fit as good mayb even work better as baggi dont rip as easi as these save your money and the frustrationthey dont fit they rip so easi and usual fall of half way through and are rip so i end up have to wash up in the end like i never use ani glove at all i would buy good latex glove that fit snug and wont rip so easili"
"purcha these glove to use when dump my tank on my rv i wa not veri satifiedi with thi product the problem that i had wa that befor you could get them on you hand the glove would come apart and either they would rip at the finger hole or just come apart put them on they are veri thin to use and i believ one size fit all when i did use them i end up use sever glove just to get the tank emptiedi end up buy a box of rubber glove to use that were 100 better then these veri thin glove sorri i would not recommend thi product for dump your tank"
"too light flimsi and just about useless great for new rvcamper owner that are afraid theyll get their hand dirti while dump their rvcamper tank they dont fit well slide around on your hand"
"to thin rip befor the job wa done i toss them and got a heavier glove dont wast your money"
"had some fog and discolor on the top edg of my headlight on my 08 civic tri out thi kit becaus it wa cheaper than have a pro do it now i wish i had just paid the extra to begin with i meticul follow the direct and went through everi step of the process and my end result wa wor than where i start instead of some fog at the top of the light i now have swirl mark and a hazi look over the entir light when look on an angl the light appear total white and even from a distanc dont have that new look shine that they had even when they were fog i would not recommend thi unless you like cheap look fix also i scratch my fender becaus one of the pad velcro tore loo while i wa sand not 100 the kit fault but still veri infuriatingeditaft cur myself for hour i decid i had to fix thi i got out multipl polish and product that i know are from a reput companymeguiar with these i polish over the headlight mani time and made them look as thi kit should have done the result were great and can be seen in a side by side comparison in the photo i ad i still do not recommend thi kit at all becaus it is far from complet and for the non car enthusiast that is the differ form a good outcom and a horribl disappoint also if you do ani type of restor on headlight you remov ani remain clear coat on the light so they may reyellow or fog quick to prevent thi it is a good idea to seal them with someth like optilen or opticoat they are expen but work extrem well"
"heavi grade plastic i just dont like how they look on my jeep took them out and took the loss live and learn"
"cheap and thin fit ok but wa worri it would either rip in the wind or blow off the spare so i return it painless return process from amazon 5 star for that anyway"
"i bought some of thi at my local harbor freight anddid not have good result i want to remov some rust from and repaint my skid plate for the suv after read the direct i sand down the worst spot cover the part in paper towel soak in the evaporust and cover the paper towel with saran wrap to prevent evapor after leav it sit for 12 hour the maximum recommend period of time there wa no differ the part were still as rusti as everif you have larg part that need rust remov i recommend naval jelli first and foremost it is a thick gel that you paint on and it eat away the rust within 1520 minut handl with extrem care becaus it is high corro but you will get the result your after in a pinch the napa brand is almost as good and readili avail"
"feel like i am be choke to death but doe keep my neck warm a similar materi but scarf like would be better"
"product clip are veri flimsi i would not trust thi net on my car dure highway drive as soon as i put it on my rooftop carrier the two oppo corner came apart on close inspect i realiz the corner were simpli tie togeth just as you would tie your shoe veri danger and sloppi workmanship i wa veri fortun the item came apart dure instal and not on the road if you zoom in close on the product pix youll notic the two corner tie togeth those are the 2 failur point note the net wa not stress nor overstretch dure instal in order to caus thi type of failur be safe on the road stay away from thi item"
"some peopl bought it becaus the design posit the light to the side and make drive easier sinc the light wont block your view while drive and that veri true it work and that the reason whi i bought it the problem i had and the reason i return it and gave it two star is 1 it came with it own screw which wa a plu but screw start to rust and at that time we just hit fall no snow yet 2 the design made it so hard to adjust the light i have the rig indust d2 light and it wa hard to get the light to go a bit higher it stay down light most of my hood which wa veri annoy and distract 3 it came with two 4 piec of doubl side sticker 2 for each side to protect the surfac of the paint they were so thin i decid to go to the hardwar store and buy 3m doubl side sticker my mistak wa use the sticker that came with the bracket and the one i bought i found out about thi after i took them off is the 2piec that came with the bracket didnt protect my paint and saw lot of scratch but the other one i bought from the store held up pretti goodi end up buy rug ridg 1102703 black windshield hing light bracket and it much much better choic and sinc my light arent as huge as some i dont have ani problem with my light stick up a lil"
"i have bike rack step hitch and trailer hitch attach and none of them fit as poor as thi im use a curt hitch receiv btw it is a good 14 off on the side i would never drive around with thi thing clang away at the hitch and possibl bend the pin and damag the hitch receiv thi is strict a vehicl toolbox attach to on be instal when you get stuck it a shame becaus the qualiti otherwi seem top notch"
"pull my jeep out of a puddl with a moder tug and it ha begun to fray after one use look like it will be around for a littl longer but i didnt expect that to happen"
"lot of mix review on thi one but i thought i would give it a trythi product will not fit ani 34d34 cell mag lite the strap that loop over the head of the flashlight is way too short and can not be modifi i didnt want to go buy a 34c34 cell maglit so back it goe"
"i have purcha thi gaug from anoth catalog compani sever year ago and wa veri plea with the qualiti and perform and featur of thi type of gaug unfortun thi gaug purcha on amazon is terribl i dont know if thi is a knockoff or if thi compani is allow other manufactur to manufactur under licen but the one i got is terribl the lock chuck on my previou purcha would clip on and stay lock on tight to my tire valv the one here do not stay lock on the second i let go of push it on the valv the pressur drop to zero i contact the manufacturef on the packag gh meiser and they were so kind as to send me replac chuck but these were on margin better but when i tri inflat my tire thru thi gaug the gaug read would swing all the way past 100 as the compressor wa pump air thi is not the way my previou year purcha behav if the recommend pressur wa 35 my old accugaug would read around 40ish as the compressor wa runningnot swing wild to 100 as thi one doe i wont buy thi gaug thru amazon anymor as a previou accugag i bought a coupl of week earlier wa also return for nonlock chuck"
"thi is on fair the clip mechan doe not hold well to a valv stem and must be frequent readjust"
"i had thi gaug for about a year and wa veri plea with the accuraci and handi but the first time i drop it it wa finish i took it apart and found the littl ball had broken off the stem that provid the seal in the gaug it look like it had been glu onbefor i drop it it work great so much for the rubber armor on the gaug"
"lose accuraci after ride in the saddl bag for a while i fill up tire with a portabl compressor with digit gaug that shut off at design psi doubl check with thi ez air gaug and had to let like 10 pound outi think to myself thi isnt right so doubl check pressur with a pen gaug from the car and sure enough tire is 10 pound light either my portabl compressor and pen gaug are lie ident or thi gaug ha lost it accuracyi will know for sure how much it off onc i get the chanc to swing it by a tire shopal of thi may seem minor but on a motorcycl 10 pound can becom a huge safeti concern a gaug that is more than 34 pound off will go in the trash my safeti is worth more than the 510 buck i save on a bargain gaug"
"it work pretti well for light use after i cut off the cigarett lighter power plug and replac it with a10 gaug 2 pin quick disconnect har into which i can plug a set ofbatteri tender 08100694 allig clip with black 2pin quick disconnect plugor plug direct into abatteri tender 08100696 ring termin har with black fuse 2pin quick disconnect plugattach to my motorcycl batteri it work pretti well now with a direct connect to the batteri especi if the carmotorcycl engin is runningwith that modif thi littl pump is fine for bicycl and motorcycl tire and for top off a slight low car tire but i wouldnt want to use it to fulli inflat a fullsiz car or truck tire from begin to end the littl pump get pretti hot after a coupl of minutesth gaug on mine is fair accur close enough to be consid reliablebefor i modifi the power connector it continu blew fuse and after put in a stronger fuse the connect got exceeding hot after on a few minut of use my new connect dont get hot at all"
"8 x 4 x 11 dont make my mistak thi thing is tini check the dimen at near 13 you would think it would be of some size wrong again my fault for not read should be adverti and a bathroom trash can there is no way thi is worth 13 buck"
"these seem like a nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the door and ceil skylight by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the window boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the window and skylight but it pull off the shini chrome window cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be a sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the windowfram if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy some customfit window shade instead your local homeimprov store can help give you option and cut them to size"
"the velcro that is sent with it is not veri goodon hot day in the rv they fall off and they tear easi"
"it is too small for my standard size rv door which make me wonder what sort of veri thin door it is made for"
"thi item is veri cheapli made and the velcro that it come with doe not stay stuck as soon as the velcro heat up is fall off of the rv window i had to go but industri strength velcro to attach it with and it seem to work pretti good just be care when remov them from your window becaus they will tear veri easili also if you are look for someth to keep the light out thi is not the product it will filter some of the light out but if i had to guess i would say that it on filter about fifti percent of it out oh well lesson learn i would not recommend thi product unless you are will to go buy some industri strength velcro disappoint in thi product you get what you pay for and it is not made in the usa therefor you judg the qualiti of itupd i gave in and bought some industri strength velcro it is black velcro and took the velcro off that came with them and appli the industri strength velcro they stay in place now and the do help to keep the sun out they do not darken the room to a blackout but they do help happi now that i solv the problem of them stay put in place"
"wa hope they would fit into my bmw e46 and save me 40 but they were 134 too short on the driver side long one they were almost therewhi wont anyon make a refil that fit my bmw youd sell a boat load"
"the problem with thi wash mop is that the head fall off the handl quit easili if you tri to shake it off to get some rin water out the whole head pop right off obvious thi is veri annoy and thi problem occur from day 1 it is not that the thing wa abus over time"
"thi thing will break within 5 minut of your first use the plastic which hold the head on is incr thin and unabl to move without the wash head fli off"
"went to screw on the pump to a quart of oil and cheap plastic lid broke right off after fabric anoth lid found that thi will work good for top off the transmiss fluid but not for a fluid chang as it took 15 minut for about 6 ounc of fluid to transfer use the old fashion tube and upsid down bottl instead"
"put thi in my 04 jeep tj nv3550 and like other review on here it seem to work great in there not sure what fluid wa in it befor and i didnt notic a massiv improv or anyth but shift smooth and no issu so far good price too recommend the nv3550 take exact two bottlesupd it ha been cold the past few day 10c and my jeep is extrem hard to get into gear for the first 5km or so wasnt do thi befor the fluid chang it seem to work fine abov 0 though just an fyi for anyon live in colder climat"
"thi neg one star review is due to amazon problem with their matrix for what part fit a particular vehicl i would rate mann oil filter at five star i need an oil filter mann for a 2006 bmw 325 ci convert amazon fit guid steer me toward the mann hu 816 long stori short the hu 816 doe not fit my vehicl i need a mann hu925 i had to go to a differ web site for fit and verif i still order the correct filter via amazon becaus amazon ha the best price one star to amazon vehicl fit guid and five star for the mann filter"
"thi thing didnt fit into my 2006 honda civic it suppo to but the frame wa not trim correct the build qualiti is poor"
"it did not fit and i return it i order a fram and it fit right in plu fram had a rebat"
"whi not just keep your tool and other rustpron item in a dri place thi is a great idea if youv got thing you absolut cant keep out of rustpron locat but at the same time you have to replac these littl unit everi three month and the area they cover is minim these littl inhibitor start to add upfast great concept but it should realli last longer especi for the price"
"first off i could not see ani benefit use thi product in my toolbox it a 30day product so what the point i suggest prime and paint ani metal item to prevent rust"
"i expect to be abl to just put thi product in a toolbox gun case boat etc and forget about it but to my surpri it on last 90 day im not sure i fulli understand thi if the product vapor a corro protect on the content of the toolbox then whi doe it have to be replac the on reason i can think of is that if the tool are use then the protect is lost there are tool box drawer liner that do not have time limit that would be signific cheaper in the long run and it is on good for 2 cubic feet of space it say that thi is the size of an averag tool box most of mine are quit a bit bigger than that wipe tool down with an oili rag would also be a lot cheaper if thi product last for a year it might be worthwhil but there are so mani other cheaper way to protect tool and equip from rust and corro but if you have an enclosur or equip that cannot be protect ani other way then thi product might be worthwhil if you can rememb to replac it and have access to it"
"mine ha never been use and paint chip off can be a real tight fit too can make it work still but the foam gasket ha to compress way too far"
"i order thi befor measur a big mistak the distanc from the plate to the hole and thi wont fit mani applic correct with the pin in the hole the plate stick out way too far from the receiv over an inch and then rattl i just threw it away as it too cost to send back drill new hole would be difficult and then rust problem bottom line measur your receiv applic and then ask them if thi unit will fit correct befor buy their spec should indic the distanc from the plate back to the center of the hole"
"thia say 500lb capac mayb right over the main support but otherwi you should balanc your load well and i will use strap to help support the outboard corner i kept it becaus it is a use thing but not for a heavi item"
"the glove look great look like a qualiti built but after use 5 time foam pad from the insid start to come out let see how long it will lastupd 9172013develop a hole on one of the finger with on about a month and a half of use mayb about 1015 ride i still like the fit and feel"
"not sure whi these guard are get such rave review sure they look cool but the weld on the two vertic bar which are weak in and of themselv are absolut terribl if even a twig get hungup in those thing the weld will like snap you might just snap them tri to get the thing over your light if your in thi for the look go for it if you want protect for your light go elsewh"
"thi item that i order twice in two differ size alway said it would fit my 2013 jeep wrangler sport unlimit never fit say easi to instal but it doe not go over the light cover realli want thi to work the second time chanc the descript and say doesnt fit 2013 jeep"
"the bristl on thi brush are long but too space out to be effect on a multispok wheel if you have larg flat wheel thi will probabl work ok but it doe a horribl job of actual clean anyth complet i use a second bucket for my wheel and just end up use a differ wash mitt it take easili 34x as long to clean a wheel with thi brush complet as it doe to simpli use a mitt save your money and just buy a second bucket and a cheap wash mitt and call it a day the on reason i didnt return it is becaus it handi for wash my suspen and wheel well but it a worthless wheel brush"
"great brush but it wont last veri long show signif wear and tear after a few use on my suv wheel some of the polyest bristl is fall out alreadi will not buy again"
"over there is noth wrong with thi brush but it just doesnt seem to clean i have a 2012 for explor and thi brush just doesnt seem to do anyth between the spoke"
"i have a reason amount of experi do car detail and i can say thi brush realli is not suitabl for carpet i wa surpri as thi brush ha mani posit review these peopl have to be tear up their carpet and upholsteri with thi thingth bristl are stiff stiffer than most tire brush i sure as heck wouldnt use thi thing on the carpet in my car it would destroy them i would be even less inclin to use thi on my upholsteri it would tear right through it for under six dollar im sure i will find some use for it perhap brush out the wheel well that is about how thick and stiff the bristl are i suppo if you had rubber car mat it would work well for those but those usual dont need much in the way of brush to get cleanal in all save your six dollar and go to the hardwar store and get a brush with bristl that arent as stiff you should be let your carpet cleaner do most of the work not your bristl"
"bristl are way too stiff i use thi brush onc on my cloth seat vw gti to remov a small quarter stain it left perman damag to the surfac of the seat and i didnt even use much pressur clean should be 80 chemic and 20 brush you do not need a brush thi stiff unless your mayb clean woodmet"
"it a bit flimsi the wire that loop around are thin and will bend easi the fuzzi part is also a thin lowcount bristl and doesnt realli seem to dig in and clean good handl though"
"not everyth promi easili bend and loss bristl not long enough not over happi with the product and would get a longer or bigger brush"
"not realli worth have as the brush is smaller than the head make it hard to get it in the hard to reach spotsth brush is not veri sturdi so doesnt last veri long"
"i dont understand whi but the two brush i got were terribl i use them to wash the small crevass on my motorcycl the problem wa the fact that the brush wouldnt go back to their straight posit as i would move them back and forth the brush would just follow it remind me of a sever bad tooth brush"
"after one trip the pin is coat in rust the cotter pin wa also extrem difficult oper a tini bit more flexibl would make it easier to use and wouldnt compromi ani safetyth fact that thi is cover in rust would prevent me from buy"
"i own 3 differ absorb and have use 5 in my lifetim but thi one is differ it ha all the mark of an absorb but it definit ha a differ textur and doe not work as well thi product i wouldnt even call it an absorb ha a real hard time soak up water unlik my other absorb and i believ it to be a clone"
"i wouldnt buy again doesnt last take the time and do a good hand wax applic might be handi for a quik dust thatsd about it dont use on interior as it eat away the letter on handl etc"
"the fan is low power the blade are super small so it doesnt push much air there are no feet as pictur there is not a switch on front as pictur it all on the which is less conveni for our use and the handl is grey not white and ha no hook on it the power cord 12 volt is like 9 inch long who on earth would put it 9 inch in front of their dash we bought it to replac a recharg fan that final die it wa by ozcool and expen sinc that fan recharg fail in the 1st 6 month we opt for a standard battery12 volt fan but the ozcool also had larg blade a hook and a super long 12 volt cord we need thi for the back window in the truck the one that slide open to give air to the dog fit in perfect while it work i wouldnt by thi under power misadverti item again also it ha no ac power option just 12 volt and batteri d"
"for the size of thi dc fan you would think it would turn out better air flow cfmsbut it is weak at besti bought an 02cool from amazon a coupl of week ago that impress me more due to it small size at under 800 that doe not requir 8d batteri on two and what with have to leav your key in the ignit i regressalso the product you will receiv look differ than the one pictur see my 3 jpgsi would pass on thi one"
"it work as it say hook it up on the bike for a long distanc 12v connect on travel and head phone"
"i order thi core remov and got a cheap piec of junk the one sent wa silver and did not even have the non slip end on iti notifi amazon on thi item"
"thi is not what i order or even close doe not look the same in color shape or size buyer bewar"
"veri cheapli made if you use your tailgat alot i would not recommend it doe the job but dont think it would hold up if use all the time"
"like other review i found that thi blade on wipe the lower half of the rear window unfortun i no longer have the old wiper to reus some of the partsth wiper itself is plastic and cannot be bent i found out the hard way and broke one of the two wiper that i order it appear that a portion of the plastic snapin adapt is in the way and the blade cannot curv enough to touch the window along it entir length"
"bought thi for my subaru forest the check said it would fit it didnt wont wast my time send back poor purcha"
"the crampbust doe not work as adverti for me i need to keep adjust it upward i tri a piec of 200 grit sandpap and rough up the insid of the crampbust it did not work ani better and i think i wast my money on thi one"
"doe not work with late model dodg canbu autolight the styrofoam packag insid the case wa damag upon arriv but the part themselv were not visibl damag"
"receiv open box look like everyth thrown in the box neither light work so all these good review tri again"
"i bought thi unit as a sale from amazon wareh i had kensun hid instal in my van is real good work order but when i instal thi kit i found the light bulb connector cannot well connect each other i check everi of the part is work ok it cant tell are there 9006 had differ in socket size i hope the seller can specifi or check their spec befor they list the the hid for sale at last i sent my problem to amazon custom servic they issu a return label immedi for me to return kit their servic is real high effici and prompt to solv out my concern im sure amazon provid good care of the custom"
"instal on 2013 elantra gt hatchback with oem projectorsfirst thing first you will need the signal cancelersso the light in the first deliveri werent work at all so i got a replac from amazon and they work fine for a bit befor they began to flicker custom servic sent me a relay har for free in exchang for good review even with the relay har i had a problem with random onoff timesi must say that the cabl although well built the connector are cheap i had to modifi one becaus the pin split after a while i just gave up tri sent them back and got anoth brand i dont believ in 3rd time a charmid say for the price give it a tri and see how it work for you but spend a bit more and get someth more solid with better connector wont hurt"
"the mechan devic that control the bixenon light did not work or at least did not work with my truck the light would immeadi shift in when the headlight would turn on the rest posit is outward and then would stick in place when the highbeam were trigger one would occas push out slight other than the fact the bixenon part did not work they look great for a great price i like have highbeam though so i sent them back"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give a 34link error34 ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same 34link error34 the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about a minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that 34i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not a us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on it34when i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said 34all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is a 19962012 car with an obdii connector it works34 i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state 34a long as you buy it from us we support it34 again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to a 2001 hondaacura"
"it seem to be ok but the construct of it seem to be cheap but i dont work on car for a live backyard mechan"
"work on my 2001 honda civicdo not work with 2010 honda crv link error it so incompat that when the scanner start to scan that the slip warn light would come on freak me out but after i turn the ignit key off and back on the light would go awayi might keep it around just for the civic and as a loaneri know thi thing is cheap but if i wa to do it all over i would save the money and buy a better uniti wish there would be a spreadsheet where peopl can enter type of car would work or wouldnt work on thi unitupd 081313well i final call the tech support and see if anyth could be done to the link error issu that im have with my crv trick or updatesappar thi model ms300 ha been discontinu sinc 2007 the support person cant even find the support document on hi side sinc the support person wa a nice guy i didnt want to give him too much hard time so i ask hi opinion on a better model from autel"
"it wouldnt work for me which could of been a defect scanner the price wa good but i wa unabl to reset the ecu to extinguish the check engin light"
"if it were possibl i would give 0 star purcha thi unit to scan 2001 jaguar unit appar froze up the transmiss shift threw 2 code previous unknown check at autozon previou day code p1797 p1642 contact seller who immedi respond veri apologet i had told seller that the unit wa set up for sept 2008 andt hat a prior post state bewar of prior to 2011 edit also advi the sn wa ms50245 note that sn seller then inquir strang how i found out the date of the set upcod and the sn ask if possibl would i send pictur show detail dahhh it on the first screen line 6 though on show brieflysel offer 20 discount if i kept unit i declin offer went on autel uk websit no list for model ms509 their current model are in 780 rang howev they do have big notat for a disclaim referenc china copiesthen check out autel web site chinacardiagcom in the 5 review list one wa from a gentleman in brunei who report problem with thi same unit sn 50245 hmmm how did it get from brunei to texa must be that all china clone have same sn there is no softwar to updat you cannot download instruct to get a print out the cd suppli is on a copi of the oper booki wa veri concern about the effect unit ha had on my vehicl sinc it left the vehiclein restrict perform mode took it to autozon for code check today and read the code but the good news is the restrict perform code is gone return scanner to amazon today i can say is you might be take a big risk in use thi unitposit not receiv on time by fed ex commun from seller good"
"i normal do not like give one star rate but thi item deserv it for the follow reasonsupon receipt item did not have a batteri even though the box clear state it contain a ninevolt meter wa not in ani sort of wrapbag etc cabl look to have been reseal in the plastic bag the softwar would not recogn the unit when hook up though to usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 9112008 version 203 obvious thi is an older stock use unit refurbish and sent to mei had a centech i had taken back due to display problem to harbor freight that is the ident same thing as thi scanner it came in a small bubbl bag the lead look new and seal in the bag it had a new ninevolt the softwar recogn it when hook to the usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 72512 version 213 thi scanner function fine it just had a display problem therefor the take backold softwar a scanner that appear use repackag softwar not recogn it and no batteri thi experi ha cost me extra ship cost and wast my time tri to figur out just what piec of junk they sent mesinc i have had the experi of have one of these that did function i do know the differencei would clear avoid thi seller not reput"
"i use thi product about an hour ago the foam is much to soft and will not reach the area it should it doe not polish well at all grab your rag polish tin foil and a can of elbow grea do it by hand and you will be a lot happier"
"tri wheel polish befor mother powerb cotton buffer wheel mequir wheel restor kit and wa left all but appal with thi product went to appli pressur to buff some oxid out on to find out that a plastic rod is what hold the cone togeth i wa on abl to complet one wheel befor the product wa in three piec on the asphalt i do not recommend thi product"
"i bought thi caus it wa cheap and had good review but it ok at best i am ocd about wash my car the best spray wax is nxt howev couldnt find so gave thi a shotnxt is actual milki in color and textur leav a slipperi surfac behind thi stuff is clear and just scent water doesnt not leav a slipperi surfac behind no real shineif you want a good wax or spray wax look at meguiar nxt gener"
"i tri to get thi thing to work but could not the led light would never come on i follow the direct exact as state for my specif vehicl from the xpresskit web site but no go it just did not work so i sent it back to amazon"
"be veri care what model you choo thi for it said it wa compat with my car through amazon but the mechan found out it wa for most 2005 model but not all of them had to return it and wait for a flcan to arriv in the mail my recommend is to simpli plan ahead and buy the flcan a bit more money but a lot less hassl"
"thi is an idea whose time ha not arriv perhap if one ha a teeni tini vehicl then thi may work out first of all you have to purcha microfib towel per the instruct be sure to get lot of them you are instruct to do one panel at a time spray wipe and buff supposed you will save 80 120 gallon of water and elimin toxic runoff appar refer to the soapi water i have never use anywh near that much water to wash my car with eco touch i am left with a whole slew of microfib towel that would end up in a landfil becaus i dont know how to recycl dirti towelsi believ that eco touch ha a problem with truth in adverti i can see use thi for minor clean such a a deposit left by a bird or an insect meet it demi on my vehicl but to wash the entir car is best done with a bucket hose spong and chamoi cloth or take it to a car wash"
"i want a smaller diamet nut than what i have now but these are realli small i did not instal these on my rim i just didnt feel confid that these would keep my wheel on my car they probabl weigh about 12 of what i have on my rim now too much troubl to send them back ill keep them and show them to my mechan and get hi input on them for now i feel safer with what ive had on them for a coupl year now"
"see updat below origin 4 star revieworigin unless you are take your vehicl to the track and have a need to spend 60100 for a set of fanci lock lug nut these will suffic i have use these on sever vehicl without a hitch and they are a great buy for the money on reason for rate 4 star is that there is alway a littl play in use the lug adapt which make torqu the lug a littl bit more a painupd the last set of these i receiv had a dud lugnut in the batch that is that the thread wa either of a differ pitch or not thread proper fortun i caught it befor attempt to forc thread the nut on possibl ruin the stud as well when one lug would not rotat by hand onto the stud i tri it on sever other without avail instead of risk the strip of a stud i attempt to thread it on my spare wheel carrier suspect that the thread may have just had a bur on it where it requir i would estim in excess of 30lbft to rotat ani bit past 13 turn i am unsur if the qualiti control ha just gone down hill or whether thi wa an anomali but thi could mean bad news for someon who is less experienc with vehicl mainten or use improp procedur such as instal with an impact wrench"
"i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it may work better on older paint but i doubt it doe not even remov swirl i wa veri attent and appli for long time no differ at all doe nothingi do not recommend thi one"
"i bought thi product in remov fine surfac scratch from my black 2007 chevi cobalt the paint is still in great condit and on ha some minor surfac scratch from automat carwashesth first time i use meguiar ultim compound i use an orbit buffer the instruct are quit vagu and more or less state that all you have to do is rub the compound in a circular motion in a small area then buff away so i figur if that wa all you realli had to do an orbit buffer would be more than enoughwrongwhil ultim compound is excel at remov water spot and even dead bug and tar it is horribl at remov swirl mark and fine scratch i can use a simpl wax and get the same result as with thi ultim compoundth second time around i decid to tri the product on my victori red 2001 chevi blazer year of automat car wash have realli taken their toll on the paint but not so much that it had lost all of it shine instead of the buffer i use a 100 cotton terrycloth and some good ol elbow grea unfortun i got the same result as beforei can get the same result that thi product offer by use turtl wax ice and in a fraction of the timedo i recommend thi product nowil i buy thi product again probabl not"
"it wa on effect with super fine scratch with normal fine scratch the product wont make them disappear i tri to scrub fine scratch for hour but they were still there super fine scratch disappear anyway the product wont harm the clear coat so shini paint coat wa stay"
"i tri to wipe it off as in the instruct and the surfac wa cool it left larg black circl on hood didnt go away with regular wash went away with waterless foamtek on"
"regard the actual product for me i still need to find someth with a bit more abrasivecoar in a compound for my specif paint correct on a black twostag paint also i wasnt awar until i actual use and test an area when i workedin the product meguiar m105 mirrorglaz pro ultracut compound with my da pc polish that it actual 34seemed34 to polish to a shine w continu use i use an orang 2 hexlog foam cut pad which at first seem odd but it may be becaus my speed wa set at 6 in ani case the product didnt do what i expect for my need so i stop and determin i need a compound with a bit more abra and cutand although it seem to remov 75 of my problem of the fine swirl mark in my clearcoat it still left a hint of veri finelight scratch and swirl mark 34still34 emb on the topcoatnow regard deliveryi wa left 34hangin in the wind34 i wa serious wonder whi thi 1 specif amazon item that wa part of a total of 6 other amazon item and order at the same time wa ship seper but 2 day ahead 34but34 then on to arriv at my mailbox two day later then the rest of the other item what wa that about the problem isthi left me with the deliveri of the other item 534 velcro back plate the 8pc chemguy foam hexpad meguiar m205 polish misc microfib towel and a pair of shoe bday present for nephewbut couldnt actual use ani of those 34task specific34 item until i receiv thi item the meguiar m105 hench for my reason disregard and leav the 34unchecked34 option to 34not34 ship each item as it becam avail"
"i instal thi on my jeep xj instal wa straightforward it made my stock headlight quit a bit brighter unfortun right after the first 30 minut drive i wa stand in my driveway admir how nice and bright the headlight were when poof the low beam just shut off by themselv never to return i turn on the high beam and they still work for about a minut and then they shut off too it the relay pure junk good thing i wa not out on the highway to say im disappoint in thi product is a big understat on use it if you have a complet separ set of drive light that you can switch on when these random shut off your light thi is a real safeti issu"
"the idea of thi is fantast the direct are veri plain and not the well laid out the first step of instal is confus mayb thi is not the right model for my truck but per amazon 34check if it fits34 it is suppo to work i cannot get it to tighten right or even start the instal proper i went to youtub to find a video i watch and then tri the instal again still it wont work i plan on call them tomorrow to talk to custom servic we will see how that goe if they assist me with instal i will comeback and updat my review"
"i bought thi towel while look for a cheaper altern to my cobra and chemic guy dri towel the search goe on i have wash thi towel countless time and it still leav blue fiber all over my car it also isnt all that absorb"
"i actual order these after read a review by a woman who said she use them to wash the makeup off her face i thought these would hold up well and like the oval contour shape for thi sort of use i also thought these were well price for a packag of 6when they arriv howev they were not the oval one shown in the pictur and they did not come in a packag of 6 for thi reason i did not give them more than 2 star though i do think they are nice thick qualiti terri cover pad they are not what as shown in the ad pictur and i wa veri disappoint to find on 4 in the packag"
"after a consid wait of sever week i receiv my scan tool i read the instruct veri brief check for updat none avail and tri the tool on my 2008 4runnerth tool gave me a green emiss control system light no activ code and a cryptic secur system dtc that it could not clear i unplug the tool and start the car no cel everyth seem fine untili took it for a drive he next morn and after about 5 minut the cel and the vsc malfunct light illumin after return home i hook up the scan tool and it had log 20 malfunct code first time in 5 year thi vehicl had thrown a codei attempt to reset the code the scanner said they were era and when i rescan the code return after sever attempt i disconnect the tool and drove the car the cel wa off but i notic that sever dealer set secur system headlight seatbelt warn had all been remov and need to be reset i check the scan tool one last time and the 20 code remain along with a yellow emiss statu indicatorwel for 200 buck thi wa a total bust did more harm than good and went back to the seller"
"im not sure whi everi type of code reader is come down in price but offer softwar to load on your laptop to store compar print and submit to a group of mechan to analyz your datath reason i gave it three start and thought about two is the fact that thi code reader is connect to your car master comput but util the internet to download updat etc yet instead of use an open system oper system or creat a mac version which if there wa a mac os x version a mechan wouldnt have to lug around a laptop but could use an ipadplu i have use window and window server for 26 year and paid quarter subscript for norton symantec etc and still trojan hor would infect the server everi dealership ha a window server with wifi so they can connect easili to the site to upload or download data or updat softwar whi would these idiot at innova pay the cost of use a window oper system when they could jump to open system code or produc a mac app becaus im convinc these compani dont have a clue about comput they are mechan who know how to use a laptop big mistak and i cant wait until these car that are more and more depend on comput to do everyth but drive the car and monitor everyth to upload a viru to a vehicl they will be use their laptop have a subscript to the over price softwar and it just a matter of time six month window is junk and i refus to own one i creat a virtual window machin on my hard drive complet isol from everyth el but eventu the peopl who keep award thi compani five star realli need to move out of their monkey suit and realiz a late model car is noth but a big comput when somebodi die becaus the master comput is infect innova wont be around anymor"
"i have to unti the hook from the net everi singl time that i remov it from the seat it is not rigid like other brand"
"the hook are made of steel wire with plastic tube over the wire each hook is suppo to have a rubberlik cap over the end the cap are there to prevent the bare metal end from scratch your motorcycl or bicycl i saw at least one other review where the purcha superglu these tip on after lose one i order 2 and both arriv with at least one tip alreadi missingth were also more long loo end flail about than seem necessari sure i could have cut those shorter and melt the end to prevent fray but i should not have tomin also smell pretti bad but i assum that would dissip pretti quicklyth qualiti is just not veri good"
"thi unit wa dead on arriv i tri both the lighter and batteri connect with the car run no power of ani kind i read through the manual look for clue check all connect and tri everyth i know mayb it wa just the one that got through inspect while everyon wa asleep i cant even recommend if it would power the usb connect think ill tri a local store the amazon return polici wa great howev"
"as soon as i plug it in i heard a pop no output i guess tri anoth invert and probabl anoth cobra"
"i wa excit to receiv my jetseal 109 i wait until the time wa right and wash my truck start appli the jetseal 109 and found that it wa harder to appli than the old timey past wax got the hood windshield front bumper and mirror done and call it a day i dont know if ill get the ambit need to do the rest of my truck or not glad i didnt get the gallon on got a pint doesnt go veri far either later"
"thi is an okay product but it doe leav white mark if you miss a spot take it offit should cost less for what it is and that size bottl you get given that you can get virtual the same protect use a good qualiti synthet wax sealant in 2 coat such asmeguiar nxt gener tech wax 20 18ounc liquid for a lot less money the meguiar wax is a lot easier to take off and doe not leav white spec when it dri"
"yeah it say it but dont tri to tint anyth on your car or you will get pull over trust me"
"after clean all the wheel i appli thi to the front wheel of my 2012 audi s4 i did not appli to the other front wheel i drove the car for a week and observ the result both front wheel had the same amount of break dust on them i then wash both front wheel with the same clean product both requir the same level of effort to remov the bake on break dust i see no valu to thi product"
"did not make it look like paint wa wet i personali use magual i like the wet look from that"
"thi wax seem to shine my black car quit nice it goe on easi and also veri easi to take off with no powder or anythingit howev doe not seem to last veri long so im realli not sure it worth doubl the cost of a meguiar or mother waxi also dont like how chemic guy ha so mani differ wax they must have like 1015 differ wax it get confus to know what to buyi regret thi purcha"
"i order thi product after be blown away by it perform on the chemic guy youtub channel and the great review on amazon i have use silk shine along side one of chemic guy dizzi amount of clean product and exact as instruct both on the bottl and in the video and i have on achiev mediocr result at best i realli want to like chemic guy and i have some more of their product on the way to hope yield better result but im somewhat worri that their confusing larg product select an indic that result may vari"
"doe not work as adverti follow the instruct but wa not abl to get the headlight len on my 2009 rv"
"i read the direct fulli befor start the work follow them complet and i end up with a scratch len after use the sandpap i use plenti of liquid as well in case anyon think i put dri sand paper to a dri len i would definit not recommend use thi product"
"i use thi product on our motorhom head light the plastic lene had small scrath and a mild haze on the left len thi is an over price kit for what it wa supo to due the sand pad are so small and they did not make through the first len the sealer is on a small pad and their is not enough sealer on the pad to cover both of the lene so save your self some money and purchasean individu bottl of len cleaner a bottl of len sealer along with some 1000 and 1500 grit wet sand paper thi way youll have enough product to due your len for sever year"
"oki got itit doe notwork my wife 2005 chrysler had the same problem as all carsth headlight clear len wa foggi and oxid i use thi product as per instruct and it did not remov the scratch and the headlight do not look ani bettersav your money and go to mcdonald i dont know who wrote the good review but i can tell youit doe not clear up the len as they claim the headlight do not look new again and i realli cant tell ani differencedont believ metri it and you will ask for your money back just like i did"
"i follow the instruct word by word i took about an hour on each headlight use each scuff pad and lubric them well after i wa finish i could tell a differ the headlight look good but not great look back i dont think it wa worth my timeeffort it may work better for your vehicl it is not too expen so i guess it is worth a tri i have heard from numer peopl that the mother headlight len restor kit work well mayb ill give that a tri oh and ye i did use the sealant wipe to hope protect my hardwork which sad fail me"
"i am not sure what the problem is but i use toothpast at first and didnt notic a lot of differ on my 2009 camri len cover so i bought thi and i dont see ani differ"
"i follow the instruct to the letter and my headlight look the same as they did befor thi product did not work at all for me"
"my headlight werent as bad as some and thi stuff didnt do much to improv them i did the option sandpap step and the on thing it realli did wa remov some of the surfac rough and make them smooth it bare did anyth to make them more clear"
"i got these for my 2door wrangler jki have weathertech in the front but thought id save a few buck by get the rug ridg for behind the seat they dont settl in their spot well at all the weather tech fit like a glove up front and these thing are nowher near as goodi also got rug ridg for the cargo compart and wasnt veri impress with the placement of the outlin for the cutout hole they werent line up where they should bepay the extra buck for weathertech if you can"
"i put it on the first night and the band rip out of place i had to rig it up to get it to stay in place it bunch in the corner becaus there wa too much materi but it doe it job"
"i didnt expect much from thi cover consid the price but i wa surpri at how cheapli made thi cover is i broke two of the four strap that are use to secur the cover they just pull apart from the cover i do not recommend these cover sinc the fasten mechan are faulti"
"i bought thi for my 2008 jk jeep wrangler after the valv stem on the stock sensor corrod and develop a leak discount tire tri to sell me a deal to replac the old tpm and stem for 60 now i wish i would of done itthi sensor after instal shut off the tpm light befor i left the tire dealer park lot 34awesome34 i thought problem solvedwel in the week that ha follow the light come on and off intermiten with out ani real rime or reason hot or cold night or day ive had my preasur check numer time and it alway spot on usual it come on after i just start the car and will go out after a few minut but yesterday it came on and stay on all the way to work when i left the offic for lunch it wa offi too live in minnesota like anoth review and had concern about the sensor work correct in cold winter if it wont work right in 70 degr summer fall it not go to get ani better worst part is im out the instal fee and what do i do buy anoth one im go to the dealer which i should of done the first time lesson learn"
"well i order a few of these to replac some from odd enough meguiar theyr made in china of cour well long stori short great towel but the edg materi came apart at the first use we hadnt even launder these yet just be readi to return em for replac theyr glad to help as they want you to co e back"
"i have to agr with anoth review that thi cloth is almost ident to those you find in walmart it is thin thin thin and not at all worth the price thi is a surpri from mother as i use a lot of their product and typic their qualiti is excel"
"made a mistak it the detail version i want as they are the veri best these are just okget the detail one by mother and use these for petti job and the detail one for real wax"
"great while it last but doesnt last long at all fall apart after a coupl month of week use guess i will tri a microfib mitt"
"i couldnt even get my finger in i normal wear larg so i order xl and cant even get my finger half way in i have the raider full motorcycl glove and they as well as these are a good deal when they fiti just wish they were honest about the size and quit wast buyer time it a crap shoot get a pair to fit"
"i order an xl pair of these glove howev they bare fit my wife hand and she is all of 5234 and ha small handsth packag and the glove were clear label xl poor qualiti control at the manufactur plant somewh the qualiti of the product itself seem to be adequ but unfortun i could not even tri them on"
"i order these glove becaus it seem like a good deal for the price problem is i cant even get them on my hand they are too small and i cant even return them for a larger pair say xl or xxl becaus appar they on come in larg so i end up keep them and i still dont have a warm pair of glove to use when i want to ride my bike and it is cold they did seem like a decent glove but i cant rate them on use or perform sinc i cant get my hand in them"
"leather tear and stitch come out on both glove in the innerf areassend them back for refund would not recommend you purcha them"
"the instruct preclud use thi as a chock when hitch or unhitch so what is the point what a wast of money"
"while they are what they claim to be you can go to your nearest hardwar store and buy mch longer nail and a few washer for a lot less money"
"bend too easi went to walmart and bought heavi duti tent stake"
"if you have an electr drill or impact thi will probabl work well for you i have a craftsman 20v bolt on drill and impact fit drill chuck no problem and crank down land gear is easi crank it up on the other hand is too much for the drill and the 14 drive on impact wont fit the shaft on the socket no one make an adaptor to fit thi shaft so it a wast of money especi if you have a 3434 socket in your tool box"
"realli disappoint a wast of money for me i have a 28 5ver and all thi damn thing did is put a lot of stress on my rv tire that it wa on and never got the other tire off the ground do not buy thi product go back to the old reliabl way with a jack"
"i order the trailer aid plu which is taller than the standard trailer aid i tri it on my 2007 forest river 5th wheel in the driveway and it would not bring the other wheel off the ground i ad a heavi 2 x 6 to the bottom of it and it now just bare lift the wheel enough to chang i dont trust it to be enough in an emerg when i origin use thi it just slid along the concret and the wheel didnt roll on to it i wast my money and it tore itself up enough that i couldnt return it"
"i bought the digit tire pressur gaug for a truck that take 80 psi for it tire i found on a recent trip that the tire pressur monitor in the tire were provid a veri differ read from the accutir pressur gaug a differ of 8 psi i found a love truck stop where they sold a high qualiti tire pressur gaug and it confirm that the tire monitor were accur and that the accutir pressur gaug wa way off with it readingshad i continu to reli on the accutir pressur gaug i would have risk a blowout and certain would have had uneven tire wear and in either case the end result would have been expen i recommend that befor trust an accutir pressur gaug that you compar it to anoth qualiti gaug not the one at the ga station and see if they agr the truck stop tire gaug is now in the truck and the accutir pressur gaug is at the local dump"
"a good tire gaug is easi to line up at the correct angl to the valv stem you can line it up visual befor you press it on you lose veri littl air while check the pressur if the pressur wa alreadi correct you do not have to add back 12 psi that you lost with the gaugeth nose of a good tire gaug is offset at about 45 degr so you can use it without difficulti on bicycl tire or in other special situationsthi michelin mn4357b is none of the abov the offset is 10 degr and hard to visual on thi curvi objet dart the seal is quit sensit to misalign most peopl will have a hard time with thi youll get a tight seal through trial and error while air leak out of the tire for a few second it quit a hassl with bike tiresspok interf with your grip of the gaug see picsth beauti formfit zipper case should be immedi thrown away whi becaus it sometim hold the flashlight button down drain the batteri while it be storedi can enter your car target tire pressur front and back and it display below the pressur read use if you on have one car otherwi ill conceivedon thing thi gaug would be realli good for a design school case studi beauti and clever featur count for noth when realworld basic are ignor altern accutir ms4021b digit tire gaugeviair 90052 digit tire pressur gaug comment question welcom"
"have on use standard dialtyp mechan tire pressur gaug for my car motorcycl and bicycl over the year i wa curiou to tri out thi michelin digit tire pressur gaugelikesinclud two cr2032 batteri and carri casebuilt in led light next to the schrader automot type nozzleprogramm front and rear tire pressur could be use for relativesfriend borrow one vehicledislikesif the batteri is low or drain tire pressur cant be measuredcumbersom bare angl nozzl is difficult to line up perfect with the tire valv stem even more problemat with valv that are close to the wheelsspok that mean lot of air leakag prior to get a readingi it realli necessari to have the programm tire pressur featur for our person vehicl motorcycl and bicycl how hard is it to memor a few psi what if we use the digit gaug on more than one vehicledoesnt have a relief valv to lower tire psi when pressur is slight highwhen place in a move vehicl glovestorag compart the hard nylon carri case may inadvert press the power button on the side of the gaug and drain the batteryoveralltir gaug are critic for maintain proper pressur safeti and optim mpg for vehicl even more so for lower volum high pressur tire on motorcycl and bicycl i will continu to use time test and reliabl mechan tire gaug such asaccugag dial tire gaug with hose rra60xrath than reli on digit tire pressur gaug"
"i obtain thi product from vine as other review have point out the main function on thi michelin product leav a lot to be desir it is difficult to seat onto the tire valv stem lack in thi key point of ea of use the case is also a pain to open sinc it need to be unzip near all the way around in order to remov the tire gaug for use otherwi it is decent qualiti over make and digit readoutfor anoth vehicl in our household we have the accutir ms4355gb programm tire gaug which is a better choic although more expen the accutir is veri easi to seat onto the valv stem ha given consist perform and held up for the last 9 month"
"thi look realli great but look can be deceivingth part that actual connect to the tire air valv is flatwhich made it unpredict for me as to whether i would get it right the first time and of cour if it isnt just right it let air out of the tire half the time i would hit it just right and it would work great howev i dont want to spend a lot of time mess with my tire so have to mess with just get the connect to the pressur gaug is annoy at bestactu someon who use it a lot might like it a lot more sinc they could figur out how to depend use it i use a pressur gaug onc a month to check my tiresthi gaug ha a realli nice shape good surfac feel and veri clear screen the light would be use in some dim light situat the case is handi but not realli that impress or use i check it against a coupl of other gaug not as cool look but depend all three agr with each other so appar accuraci is not a problemth program let you input the pressur you want for the front and back tire so you dont have to keep open the driver door to check howev sinc it on doe it for one car it isnt a lot of help if you have more than one car and they have differ air pressur requirementsbtw whether you use thi or anoth gaug it is well worth the cost your tire last longer and are safer to use when they are inflat proper"
"i have use thi product in 3 vehicl 2 lawn mower 1 grass trimmer 1 snowblow and a partridg in a pear tree i havent notic ani benefit in use thi product whatsoev for fuel storag i would recommend stabil 360"
"i havent had thi batteri long and i havent use it that much but it alreadi leak so much for seal other than that it doe seem to handl charg and discharg well though i question for how long given the way it leak i do like the termin and the way theyr color code red and black"
"sinc i like chemic guy i bought the gallon size of thi right off the bat when i got it i dilut it 2 part to 1 with water like it say to prevent streak when i use thi i continu got black streak mark on my paint and made my car look more dirti then befor then i tri it without water and it wa the same i use the chemic guy spray bottl my paint wa not hot and i even spray it on a towel and then wipe and still got bad resid not sure if it the wax but it took me 20 minut to remov the black crap off with meguiar ultim detail brand new dark blue car right after i spray thi it turn black and streak it doe smell good but that is about it im realli disappoint in chemic guy i end up return the jug so i could get my 27 buck back thank amazon is realli good about return i honest hope thi is just me or a bad batch becaus i hate to give bad review to good compani over i think i will buy the smaller size product from now on to test them first"
"dont buy not worth it to epen did gave it a tri but i had to remov it whith my regular bodi shine thank you"
"these neither fit my smallest cabinet in my rv nor do they fit well within their telescop tube kind of wobbl i am not sure what to do with them at thi point except mayb the trash"
"save your money these thing are worthless they are veri weak and flimsi and do noth to secur anyth i would not buy again"
"meant to be use with a drill instead of a buffer it didnt state thi in the descript and i wa hope for the best decent pad for the money the pad are a littl low on qualiti compar to some other brand i would have had to pay for the return ship so i just kept the kit"
"got some black wheel for my 99 lexu gs400 and want to have the weight blend in these look great powder coat for durabl and even the adh is blacki wa stoke to have these but onc appli i say the error of my way the adh is not good at all the guy at the shop couldnt get these to stay on my wheel through balanc even after thourough clean the surfac befor handif the adh wa good thi would easili be 5 star unfortun thi is not the case here"
"these seem like a nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the ceil vent by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the vent boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the vent but it pull off the shini chrome cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be a sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the ceil if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy the vent shade pillow style camco 45192 rv sunshield vent insul instead dont use the includ velcro tab just stuff them up in the vent and theyll stay"
"whi sell a product that the buyer ha to purcha better velcro to make it stick thi is absolut ridicul it would be an easi fix for the manufactur to listen to the custom complaint about thi product and requir better velcro glue"
"thi the same as the door cover the velcro strip could be better we bought thi and the door cover the strip melt when it get hot we went and got differ strip and work good but they tear easi"
"the adh to these is horribl i use them for room darken in our rv when camp and i wa constant have to put the back up becaus the adh doe not stick well for room darken howev they are great"
"i have use these in my vent for year on differ rv and they alway stay in place nice and flush in vent they realli insul the heat from that vent area and work nice for pillow at a ball game to sit on not with ad plastic insul they now addedi thought they were great but they have recent ad anoth section to it and now it sit all crunch up and not veri attract in vent not a good fit at all it stay in place and i assum will work do what it intend for but look terribl like i stuf an over pillow in the vent i usual dont send product back but thi wa not worth it i have a nice motorhom dont need it look bad from the ceil vent amazon refund me in full i love amazon it my favorit place to shop and do a lotupd 62313i did find in walmart the origin design that work great that is similar to thi but without the ad plasic walmart ha the great fit old style for like 900 in rv section in autopart i have not seen amazon carri thi old style the older style fit and stay great"
"i have a 2004 yellowston sport rv thi doe not fit the insid space of the vent the vent crank get in the way even when i remov the crank and use the sticki tape that come with it it just fall off a good idea but a bad design dont know what might make it work proper"
"i purcha these water filter to lessen the likelihood of water spot after wash my vehicl as suggest in sever onlin forum unfortun we have veri hard water here in the northeast and it did not resolv the issu with spot"
"thi doesnt fit my outsid filter for my rv the filter just kinda rest on it total wast of money"
"one of these under my bottom step aint get it i am go to buy anoth one and put them on each end one on keep move around well made good qualiti unit"
"i bought two of these to help support the step on my travel trailer i instal them secur at the rear of the bottom of the step my wife step off on the step from the camper and the step collap into themselv and the brace flip up caus injuri to her shin and leg it could have been much wor had her leg fallen between the two step and the step collap on her possibl caus her leg to be sever i am veri disappoint in the size of the top and bottom they are on about 4 inch squar these are veri flimsili construct"
"talk about a letdown and a rip off i paid almost 15 for what i thought would be two unit as the product pictur show on to take deliveri of the compon and find that you on get one of themseri i could have bought a 17 pair of black jackstand at bigboxcarpart and done the same thing i most assured would not have spent the equiv of 30 for what would be a pair of screw jack standssav your money and consid anoth solut they are solid they are ok they are noth but screwhead jack standsand there no they to it you are buy one unit ad detail after tri to use thi a coupl of time i also have to mention that the lower footer is about 3 x 3inch and the upper head of the jack also ha a head of about 3 x 3 inchesthi doesnt work realli well with some stepslik mine my step are steel with a reinforc ridg in the middl run later across the bottom of the step as a result you cant nest the head beneath your step treadplat it on precari sit on the edg of the step as a result there not a lot of brace from use thi at all ye i could put a piec of pine shelv beneath the step and screw the jack into it not good if you dont want your step to rust apartbut you cant take that upper plate off and the screw head is not removableso in the end thi is the oddest whiteeleph ive ever boughtcant get it to work whatsoev got a pair of aluminium spinner jack for load up to 1000 pound that work much better than thi thingunfortun i cant even use it to stabil the rear of the rvthere is on one of themand it isnt rate anywh near high enough to do someth like that with"
"the idea is good but thi is not stabl under my step each time up or down the step it move and there no way to hold it in place i went back to my nail togeth stack of 2x8 it might work in sand though pegleg"
"it is a wast of money for the intend purpo got rip purcha thi it might be a great product for some other purpo but not a saveastep brace it is made ok if i could find anoth purpo for it"
"i tri instal thi but found that the stair on my trailer have a support bar through the middl and there is not a good place to instal it i should have read the review and would not have even order it i will wait until i get home to my shop and make some modif so i can use it"
"cant use thi becaus the step on my camper is close to the ground and the adjust isnt short enough to work on level ground mayb it would be great on uneven ground but what camp ground is that uneven how about a shorter one"
"work somewhat but the clip that hold the brace up broke off a littl qualiti control would go a long way"
"the helmet is a larg howev the unit is run small size it set too high on my head i could use a extralarg size"
"you could find someth suitabl at mani retail i thought it would be a heavier it like that stuff you use to keep thing from slide in your droor oh yeah and it drive me nut in the wind slap the roof"
"if thi kit wa of better qualiti it would be a nice way for one person to bleed brake howev thi kit is sore lack in the qualiti dept first the plastic hose is pack in the box with kink in it so even after tri to relax the kink they collap with suction is appli the adapt are a one time applic onc i seat the adapt to the first brake bleeder valv which work well it wa all over the follow bleeder valv wouldnt seat as the adapt wa not pliabl enough to reseat do yourself a favor and buy a set of speed bleedersand leav thi kit alon"
"first off the pictur look like metalbut it plastic thi wouldnt be too bad if the rest of the kit wasnt so poor the suction pump is okaythough tiresom but the jar is too small the hose is chintzi and the fit leak like crazi regardless of how much you pump you will alway see aireven if there isnt ani in your brake line thi can make it veri difficult to tell if youv actual bled the line or notperhap thi would work better for a motorcycl"
"it didnt work so well a gasket wa leek they send me a complet rebuilt part part fast and free but still i had to have the purg done at the garag at the end"
"the pump seem to work fine the flaw ari in the leaki reservoir and fit the on way for a vacuum pump to realli work is to be abl to creat a seal thi thing leak not on from the poor design reservoir but from everi tube connect pointi end up go with the motiv pump for my audi a4 instead it cost more but it actual usabl"
"the one i receiv broke on the first torqu adjust went from base to 20 ft lb and it made a grind sound then lock up got it to move backward tri again no luck immedi sent back as defect"
"i use them for land gear support and at the back support for my 38 5th wheel trailer along with the cap piec by the same compani some of the one under the land gear crack immedi when weight wa appli i wa shock as for the one in the rear of the trailer i use four of these with a cap piec there is simpli to much give in them not stabl at all i took them out and use concret block i give them two star becaus of the handi bag they come in i would not recommend thi product"
"i spray paint a lot of thing car bike jetski plastic fabric and stuff around the hous thi prep spray might work if there is on light grea and certain type of wax but doe not work all the time on all surfac i would say it work about 30 of the time the rest of the time requir more inten clean scrub sand or even sandblast if the surfac you are paint ha been wax or contamin with oil thi prep spray will probabl not do the job i realli expect more from a dupliccolor product meant to clean surfac befor paint"
"work ok but no better than dawn dish soap or mani other spray cleaner that are less expen save your money"
"the towel are veri nice and soft on problem is that these are more for wash than wipe thing high recommend wash them befor use the feather of the towel will come off and it get kinda of annoy to see feather on my car or fli around me these do soak up a lot of water and get the job done but not the towel i wa look for2 star becaus it a great buy but if your look for microfib towel that drieswash like i wa stay away from these"
"thi is the worst piec of crap ever i wa alway warn about buy the gimmick on tv it didnt do what it state it would do i did better clean my window with window cleaner and a regular microfib cloth thi wa a wast of my money and time buy thi piec of crap"
"thi product is a wonder idea and work like a charm one problem i notic ear wa that the head did not attach firm to the exten handl i do not know whi the handl is remov the whole point of thi product is to reach hard to get to area on windshield without strain as a result the head would make a loud snap sound from time to time while in use and would sometim even fall off final one day while use it the plastic handl split in two and broke the result of thi product are wonder the window in my car had never been cleaner but the product is of horribl qualiti there are other more qualiti option out there"
"while thi product doe make it easier to get to some of the hard to reach place of the insid of a windshield the cloth is too thin and over to small to effect clean"
"wa expect someth a littl more substanti the tool is rather small and difficult to hold and use with ani forc to break a windshield the cutter is use but is basic a straight blade held in the plastic two part handleth entir tool is about the size of a util knife and basic construct like one on out of thin plastic instead of metalit is compact and therefor somewhat use in an extrem emerg but i wouldnt reli on it as my first choic if a larger sturdier version made by a competitor wa handyspend the extra money and buy the better one if you are a corner worker or need thi for other than a onc in a million chanc need"
"razor is sharp and can cut thru the seatbelt howev after watch some video on youtub that show thi fail to break i decid to head out to the junkyard and find an old window that wouldnt be miss glass may eventu break if struck hard enough in the right spot but i wasnt abl to break the window and believ me it wasnt for lack of tryingdef consid purchash a more reput item like the resq me or a knife will a harden carbid tip as thi just doesnt seem to do the job"
"griot ha numer product for which they realli ought to be laud and recommendeda a profess auto detail who ha spent and therefor blown thousand of dollar test product i simpli cannot do withoutgriot garag 11104 interior cleaner 35 ozgriot garag 11040sp leather care spray 8 oz or and especi theirgriot garag 11173sp vinyl and rubber dress 8 oz which is hand down the most superior product on the market for dress and protect one interior vinyl rubber and plastic compon i have purpo link the smallest lowest cost product offer for you to test for yourselfthat be said griot undercarriag spray is well it garbag realli and garbag is not a word i use light as a pro detailer1 it will in fact recolor one undercarriag and wheel well for about as long as it take to drive through a hard rain and all the water left on the road from such a soaking2 it smell aw of petrochem do not use thi product in your garag or ani sort of confin space you will get the mother of all headaches3 holi mose is thi stuff expen for what it is and what it doe which is true of a lot of griot stuff i need not say thi to most peopl but just in case buy the product not the hype behind it further trust the review of those that are probabl to know betterth truth is thi ani spray tire dress will work as well and like better as griot under carriag spray for recondit one wheel well which is what most peopl buy thi product forher a free tip most tire dress are siliconeba and are therefor veri heavi when squeez the trigger give your wrist a fair quick flick in the direct you are spray to minim run of the productajbestautodetailcom"
"to the extent i use it thi wax produc result that are no better than you can get from mani other product i never did do my whole car with it becaus appli accord to instruct use the griot random orbit machin thi wax wa ridicul difficult to remov after some experi with applic techniqu i decid there wa no point in hassl with it and went back to my meguiar to add injuri to insult best in show wax is a nonreturn product now ive got most of a 20 bottl sit useless in my basement thi may be my first 1star review but at such a price it got to be the worst valu in car wax ive ever encount"
"on the plu side thi come in nice packag doesnt includ the sprayer and smell niceunfortun it is carnaubaba and doesnt last at all think mayb one or two car wash or a month max of cour there are some pasteliquid carnauba wax that on last a month but there are some that will last sever month my point is that there are better polymerba sprayon or quickdetail product out therethi cannot take the place of a proper wax but it is conveni in that you can spray it on while dri your car and add a littl bit of protect until you can use a proper waxa far as spray on product there are better product out there if time is what your tri to save these includ a rang of product from ultima paint guard plu a wipeon walkaway paint sealant to finish kare 425 a sprayonquickdetailerin the end it is ok but then i knock off a star becaus it ha a pretti bad tendenc to streak which take extra effort and towel to buff off"
"not sure thi work so great i just tri use it to remov scad of bug on the veri low grill on the front of my scion fr i read the simpl instruct multipl time just to get it right but i have to say that veri littl junk wa remov some wa but not much i even tri a roughsurfac pot scrubber in spot but that didnt get much off either i wa abl to clean up a few veri small smudg spot here and there around the vehicl that wa nice over i wont use it again"
"1 make sure your surfac is as clean as possible2 clean these pad as often as possibl while use them i use compress air and a pad brushth pad do not like to get dirti and they do not like to overheat ive had sever pad liter go 34poof34 on my griot da polish the center just disintegr and foam goe everywh sinc switch to lake countri pad and have found they are much more durabl and more versatileth are a good beginn pad but onc you figur out how the whole da polish thing work upgrad to better pad"
"doe a good job howev i probabl will not buy age smell is nauseat doe not last too long did bring back the black and look ok dirt stuck to well after 1 light applic and let dri"
"at fist i thought thi pad wa first rate but the second time i use it the hook and loop line separ from the pad im go to tri and glue it back on but im not convinc it will workupd i use thi pad a third time and notic that the hook and loop piec had shrunk substanti on the back of the pad make the pad much smaller as mention befor the hook and loop separ from the pad and i tri to glue it back it last for about 30 min and then i had to throw it away in my opinion not a good invest at all i do not recommend thi product im go to tri chemic guy next"
"initi i wa happi with thi product it look sturdi and look like it made of high qualiti foam i have been pretti happi with the rest of the griot except for their machin polishesyesterday i decid to use thi thing for my fender use the griot 3 inch random orbit first 15 min of usag the hook and loop separ and the pad flew leav me with a mar paint due to back plate smack onto my fender in comparison i had bought some harbor freight pad and after sever use still work great thank griot for make a 5 pad ruin my car and now it go to cost me a few thousand dollar to fix my paint"
"i bought thi think it wa the wash product wa go to return it but did not i use it but it doe not seem to shine ani better than a duster or clean towel"
"my result use thi wa not veri good it tend to leav light dri wax residu streak that you cannot set while dri the car and on notic later thi will promot you to wipe them off which subsequ can leav more swirl on your cari think you are better off not use thi and just wax your car normal a littl more often"
"someon el here also had the same comment it noisi veri annoying so and skip and bounc leav trail of water a real time waster glad to hear it work for some but didnt for me problem might be too much flexibl too soft and the t part of the blade itself my compari detail choic no noi straight blade no water trail a veri fast blade"
"sorri if you cant get an origin oldstock superdeep california water blade for 30 from someon sell old stock merchandi just give up and go back to oldfashion chamoi or towel the blade on thi newstyl notso 34original34 one is way too stiff and just doe not work that wellth current style california blade are not as good as the older one we have also tri numer knockoff style silicon wiper but none or them either have the deep high flexibl blade of the oldstyl origin california water baldswhi california water blade chang their great origin design is beyond our comprehen"
"i want to like thi but all it did wa squeak and bounc across the glass and the car surfac leav the water behind it wa useless"
"ye it will work but it is realli difficult to get it on the fin becaus it is wide and the other straighten on the wheel interf with your abil to get close to the edg ive seen some that are straight with one size per rod a friend purcha that one and it is much more useabl i also found that the cheap plastic is so flimsi that some of the blade are not even space and thi will caus it to press the fin apart unevenlywil it work ye is there a better choic definit"
"i can see how thi might work good on big pitch window ac unit and the like but i tri to use it on a 22 pitch 5 ton 14 seer modern unit and it is basic useless that tight of a pitch caus real problem with the plastic materi success mate with the fin and the plastic got damag right away then on top of that even when use soapi water or lube to tri to ea movement it wouldnt effect spread the fin it might be a good product for some use but for tight pitch modern larg system it a wast of money"
"i have a check engin light on code p0420 i believ on my chevi truck i tri it but it didnt work what ha happen is my convert ha broken up into piec so noth you dump into the fuel is go to fix that issu now my problem is that i cant buy a replac cat for my 2003 chevi silverado with a 53l engin that california legal other then the whole pipe and both convert from the dealer even though if i wa in ani other state i could buy a convert for like 90 so i guess ill just pollut for anoth year until either one get certifi or i have to fork out 800so thi stuff wont work if your convert is broken up your just wast your money"
"im go to call as i see it and it did not work for me at all i did not think it could realli do what it claim to do and i wa optimist hope it could make a differ but it did not help at alli use as direct and had no check engin light on but when i fill up after use thi product my check engin light came on on the way home from the station i wa hope it need more time to work but it keep come back on thi did not help at all 30 wast"
"origin i wa satisfi with thi purcha becaus they were decent price and bright but alreadi after a short 3 week one of the bulb ha burnt out when i instal them i wore glove and wa still care not to touch the bulb as best as i could so i dont think it wa caus by an error dure instal mayb i just receiv a faulti bulb but either way i will not be order from thi brand again and i wouldnt recommend thi product"
"thi truli is an absolut abysm product the black brush broke within two minut of veri light usag befor it broke the bristl kept fall out make my attempt at detail redund as i had to go back and individu remov these bristl one by one sinc they fell out and flew all over the place on top of that the bristl seem to be dy black i say thi becaus the second they came in contact with a veri light deterg the color transfer to the surfac i wa work on and wa difficult to clean off then the entir brush fell apart see my upload photo the vent tool is worthless no dirt would stick to it all it did wa smear the dirt around and then the white brush it too light to do anyth product with it like tri to detail with someon poni tail it just floppi and serv no real purposei resort back to use the free toothbrush i got from a hotel and qtip they are better made and leav a car look better than thi product just total garbag"
"not too impress with thi set too pricey for what you getref to the pictur of thi itembrush on the left the brush will not realli clean your vent wellunless you were tri to scrub off dri snot or a bug that manag to get in the vent uselessbrush in the middl nylon hair on thi brush is a bit stiff and too short not realli sure what you can dust or clean well in you car interiorbrush on the right best and most use in packag as you can dust out all crevic ventsknob etc with thi brushunfortun the hair fell off rather easili on some light dustingid recommend buy some cheap paint brush art brush from a dollar store to do the same job"
"i thought id tri these for a few dollar the first one came apart while i use it on my first truck the tire were pretti big and not that smooth but i expect a littl higher qualiti than that the second one last a coupl of vehicl befor it also fell apart i end up spend a littl more money to get one that last i think the glue is pretti weak and should be stronger"
"use a new tire glaze with these applic the black color from the spong bleed onto my hand shape and size of the applic requir two swipe to cover the width of the tire just poor design over i would not purcha these again"
"ive been detail and clean my vehicl for the past 15 year so im rather particular about what i use and how i clean the vehicl which is whi i use thi on a friend vehicl with their permiss who doesnt particular care about how it look first of all you should never use ani product like thi on a dirti vehicl without wash it first otherwi you are simpli rub dirt direct into the paint and you will have swirl mark especi if you have a dark color vehicl the vehicl should ideali be wash with pressur washer to remov largeloo dirt or reput touchless wash if not avail and then with a wash mit and bucket with grit guard use car wash soap if it in the kitchen dont use it car wash soap on pleaseonc you have a 99 clean vehicl you may then proceed to use the lucki earth detail kit you can use thi to clean up ani spot you may have miss on the paint wheel or even glass if you feel like it for thi the product got the job done but then again so doe plain old h2o with a microfib towel perhap if you dont have clean water avail thi would work but then again how did you wash the vehicl in the first placecompar to the normal detail product i have and current do use such as meguiar and zaino well there is no comparison these product do a far better job as clean ad shine protect and even help cover up swirlsth tire kit provid a matt finish ie not shini im not realli sure if ad ani protect sinc it look and feel the same as it did after it wa wash with soap and water but it did pick up more dirt onc again it a tire watertowel would do the same thing we wont bother compar thi to anyth elsethen you have to consid the cost thi is somewhat pricey for a detail kit but i suppo that the price you pay for earthfriend productspro earthfriend veri nice towel remov water spot like youv never seen befor did i mention the soft microfib towelscon expen potenti cost and harm wash direct nonearth friend product do much betterover i like tree too but the lucki earth product on clean stuff slight better than water and not how they claim it should there is no way you are ditch tradit wash method for a spray bottl on a dirti vehiclemi suggest if you need a detail kit buy well known product such as meguiar and use them on car on not tree they are definit carfriend"
"befor use thi when bath my two miniatur schnauzer i read the other review i wa surpri to see that there were two distinct camp the 34best thing sinc slice bread34 group and the 34worthless34 group i have to say that i vote with the worthless groupfirst off what doe one compar these two towel rough the same size would be tea towel and hand towel ok these are definit better than tea towel hand towel hard to say i dont use hand towel i use old bath towel and there is no comparison bath towel win everi time second the pocket for one hand seem like a good idea but in fact is limit the towel materi in between the two end doesnt get use unless you are do a shoeshinetyp motion from one end to anoth which certain doesnt work for my dog or ani dog with hair for that matter even use them to wipe down a dog leg or underbelli is more difficult than with a hand tow didnt give them one star becaus they arent complet useless and some peopl may find use for them i wont be use them again for my dog nor do i recommend them"
"pretti bad when use with a da mine had a big tear even befor im done with my 1st car accord to meguiar they dont recommend thi pad with meguiar da g110v2"
"while it stay togeth it made quick work of some paint oxid when combin with meguiar run compound and a meguiar buffer but it liter fell apart befor i wa even half way done with the job the buffer unit get hot and melt the glue that hold the velcro to the pad and then the whole thing just start to disintegr i wouldnt buy thi set up again"
"bought thi caus of the name it doe not smell good at all i use it onc and have not use it again mayb it just my prefer but i did not like it"
"dont buy thi wor smell ever now i cant stand the smell in my truck now im stuck with it"
"i am a huge chemic guy fan i use and still use their blacklight wax and the jetseal 109i also have their new car scent which i am run low on so i decid to tri thi one out first it smell veri similar to the new car scent but the scent doe not last long at alli liter believ the leather scent stay in the car for a coupl of hour and that it the new car scent doesnt last long either but it last for at least a day mayb twowhil the scent is good it not worth it becaus you have to go through so much product"
"i bought 2 pair of these 1 bulb is doa too much hassl to return so i went ahead and bought anoth pairfor the price eh i cant realli complain"
"ug heavi uncomfort and hot there is realli noth good to say about thi jacket save your money and order someth el"
"left auto window streak had to realli wipe on it i wa surpri use other product from griot and they were greatwil not buy again"
"these are okay except the fact that they have a sewn in soft paper label there is a tear off perfor to tear the label off but some bit of paper still remain attach to the towel so thi is an area you have to be care of and avoid have it contact your paint make the towel a bit less use and niceget these instead better and they are even edgelessdetail master pro 16 x 16 eagl edgeless blue profess microfib detail towel pack of 5"
"thi pump is veri slow pump small amount per shot the hose kept come off and i had to purcha a hose clamp to finish my transfer thi product is not for anyon who doe not have a lot of timeit doe pump tranni grea just fine but with a great deal of effort my machin took three quart and it took me more than a half hour to pump that much"
"i did not like thi product other user i spoke to like it i found it difficult to clip togeth even when look in a mirror i would rate thi as a no star do not buy"
"latch wa veri stiff and hard to make the connect when you cant see what you are do under your chin got it misalign onc and couldnt unlatch it also pinch a brui on my neck onc when my skin got caught between the part remov it an replac it with the raider quick disconnect which work great buy the raider instead of thi one you will be happier"
"i will be purcha anoth type of helmet quick relea after have thi echo quick relea for a few week nowfor starter i just don8217t like the design the metal clip get lodg in sideway when tri to secur the two end of the unit togeth then it becom a two hand and sometim two man project to get your helmet off the design is simpli too skinni for me to blind 8220thread the needle8221 if you will and get the clip securedsorri but i do not recommend thi product"
"the led die on thi item but it still charg i will investig the warranti and get back here purcha thru amazon fulfil by hrpworldcom"
"defect as other state first the batteri fit veri tight but they fit second hazard insert batteri turn switch on and the fan work not much air but figur ani air movement in a fridg work howev becaus of the comment that the batteri got hot i put the unit on a cement floor with the switch off return in about 20 minut and could not hold the batteri so hot that the outer batteri skin wa blister dont know if the plastic could get hot enough to start a fire but the batteri could get hot enough to leak all over your refrig heed other advic don not buy thi item of cour amazon accept return no question ask"
"first one i order came right out of the box with the fan torn off and rattl around in the seal cage i could see it wa broken befor i even open the packag bought it from amazon so wa abl to exchang it for anoth one veri fast deliveri return made simpl for sure the next one wa just as the other review describ veri difficult to instal the batteri but with enough pressur i can instal anyth i push so hard to get the batteri into the thing that i drove the fan support plate up underneath the fan and had to use a thin screw diver to push it back down the fan doe work though i guess if the batteri ever die i will need to throw the thing away caus there is no chanc that they are come back out without crack the hous"
"i spray thi on a car part without do ani prior clean with a disk pad i havent notic anyth chang"
"despit the item descript not compat with 2009 dodg suv which have canbu autolight the har did plug right into two differ brand of hid kit but did not stop the flicker at all"
"the end are too larg around to fit into the storag area which mean now i have a stinki sewer hose in a garbag bag not good thi is basic stuff sewer storag diamet is pretti much standard in all newer rv less than 15 yr old so it it not rocket scienc to make sure the hose and it perman attach fit fit into that area"
"i purcha thi rhinoflex 5 sewer hose extensinon kit with coupler and it wa noth but a big problem while on my month long trip i never could get the coupler connect so had to hold them to the end of the hose when dump my motor home i end up not even use the connector to the dump but just feed my hose down in the hole i had to do thi as the other coupler came lose and had to hold it on the motor home outlet so my wast wouldnt spill all over the place some guy email me and told me it took him forti minut to figur out how to connect the coupler but it wa a peac of cake after that i have had it and will not even tri to do thi i am think of return it but i threw away the box and it is too much troubl i do not see how they would sell such a product know the coupler are so hard to connect if in fact you can connect them"
"it work but the fit wont fit insid my 434 squar bumper the valterra brand doe fit so there pegleg"
"thi rhino hose cant stand uv light in direct sunlight if you leav one attach to the rv it come apart in just a few month mine came complet apart in sever locat and had to mani pin hole to count the cheap hose i replac thi one with from walmart ha been out in the same light in the same locat for over a year and a half and still look like new while the rhino wa in the dumpster in one third of that time"
"as long as your stuff flow down hill thi will work fine i bought thi about 4 month ago and have use it quit heavili in that time until thi weekend it work great but i now see it ha limit the sewer connect i use thi weekend wa actual slight higher than the outlet of my travel trailer i have a veri lowprofil trailer as a result the hose stay full after i empti my tank the problem wa that with the hose constant full of water the trailer side fit leak it wa a fair steadi drip and no matter how tight i tighten the fit they still leak i am go to put thi away as a backup hose and tri thevalterra d040250 domin 15 sewer hose kitnext"
"weve set thi up 3 time sinc we left on our trip april 27th today the 3rd time hook it up the elbow complet separ from the hose now with about 12 roll of duct tape hold it on it still drip flimsi there are other out there worth the thi isnt"
"i had to return thi product becaus it wa defectiveth scanner fail to mate with my onboard comput on my 2004 toyota corollai purcha a canobd2 car readerwhich wa a perfect matei high recommend the latter not that the elmscan 5 compact wa a lesser produc product i had to return it for the reason state aboveelmscan 5 compact usb obdii scan tool obdwiz engin diagnost softwar 423001"
"the good the size is perfect fit in tight space becaus they are on about1534 long the light out put is great for softer accent light when bright read light is not need and they are at a great price the bad they get hot almost as hot as the incondec bulb not somet i would expect from an led the ug i will not trust these to be left on unattend becaus they get so hot i like to leav a light on in the rv when we are out but on these i have other led that stay cool and will leav them on i would not buy these again becaus of thi"
"the product descript show the size as 15x15x4 inch which is like to be the size of the cordset when it is coil but it tell me noth as to the length of the cord when it is uncoil import inform and as the seller is amazon there is no one to phone or email to request the inform"
"well i hope amazon return goe smooth becaus just after i open the box i found that i had receiv a defect unitth problem is with the rotat len in the 12 oclock posit the detent is loo and sloppi how would you like to film 3 hour of video on to find out that the pictur tilt halfway throughoth peopl have complain on the contour web site and contour said they will replac the camera with loo detent i assum they will replac them with refurbishedrepair unit so that whi i went right to amazon returnsa minor second problem is that the softwar instal use a program call prcviewex which macaff call flag as potenti unwant i have instal ton of softwar over the year and none ha trigger alert from macaf antiviru"
"update08152012batteri door rip complet off just from normal useupdate07122012they said they sent a clip i never got it i contact them again and they resent one which i receiv in a day or two after instal it all wa good took it on vacat and my mom bump it with the batteri door off and it broke again and more recent the batteri door just fell off from the rubber piec that held it on it still latch but isnt leashedupdate2292012aft reinstal firmwar it record againi contact them for a warranti claim and they said they are send me anoth batteri clip i dont abus my camcord and it frustrat ive had thi mani problem with itanoth problem i notic is in cold weather the record switch doesnt lock into place and you dont get much batteri life the later wa expectedupd 2142012camera just brick it selfso there a metal ring that attach the batteri holder which at some point came loo and rattl around in the camera now it doesnt record or stay record tri differ memori card charg it noth now the 100 buck worth of mount i have are worthless as is the camera it selfi prefer the contour video over the go pro but that about the on thinglow light it pretti good noth spectacular but with a small imag sensor i knew thisaft one light drop from about 2 feet onto carpet the batteri retain broke luckili or not the batteri is thick enough that it cant be remov with out plier so im not as worri about thativ had the camera about 2 month now and while tri to remov it from the suction mount panavi portion is good the contour part suck it rip the back door off yet anoth over expen poor construct mountth mount are over expen and poor construct it not as rug as i would have hope either i dont by ani mean beat on it the worst wa a 2 foot drop i wouldnt expect it to hold up in a crashit look pretti compar to a teletubi go pro but i couldnt recommend get one for more then 100 buck if you plan on use it alot sinc ive alreadi spent a ton on mount for a camera that turn into a paperweight more everi dayoh edit is a nightmar with the file format as welland their softwar is junk"
"purcha these to replac one from fit system model 3891 bought from amazon in 2012 and they where far worst for view obstruct when back camper into tight space the one from fit system are far superior for use in back camper you can see low tree branch eve of build carport post etc these mirror look better than one from fit system and are easier to instal the first time but they dont begin to compar to use of one from fit systemsif you want mirror that are easi to instal and look good buy these if you want mirror that work buy the one from fit system onc you connect the one from fit system the first time they are a breez to connect the next timei high recommend the one from fit system 3891 from amazon and half the price"
"i purcha the yamaha becaus of the good review and im a yamaha fan own a few product like my atv i had a honda eu2000i that wa 3 year old and i sold it with a travel trailer but now i felt i should of kept it first thing i notic when the yamaha arriv wa it seem louder then the honda but i thought i wa be to critic so later we went camp at my favorit spot in the desert and after place the yamaha 30 feet from trailer where i would put the honda i notic the yamaha wa louder with the honda i could bare hear it when im in the trailer but the yamaha wa not as quit and i could easili hear it run i wa hope it would be the same but becaus it louder im not happi at all so i sold the yamaha and now look to get anoth hondabut dang it amazon is out of stock on the honda so im of to camp worldi would not recommend thi gener if you want the most quietest onebut if the sound isnt an issu then it compar to the honda"
"i consid myself for the most part half way compet mechan 8211 ie rehab hous work on car includ automat transmiss rebuilt brake replac time belt 8230 with that said thi triangl is pretti cool well though out in design but realli lack in execut the plastic where it wrap around the pivot point is just too thin and will break off 8211 guarant sooner of later case in point is the triangl wa alreadi broken at the pivot point in the box even befor i open it 8211 perhap that wa a return the other good one i had troubl set it up at first as when you tri to snap it togeth convent it will break instead of snap it togeth you need to pri it open a littl not to much or it will break too then align the half round hole with the pin on it coaxialconcentr plane 8211 it non intuit i think it wa design to snap in but they got the form factor slight off dure manufacturingimagin dure an emerg on the highway in the dark pour rain or in freez storm where you mind hand and finger are not that coordin do you want to play around with thi murphy8217 law huh"
"is that thing abra i am ask becaus it doe not feel like iti tri to use it on my sunglass it did not do anythingi did read befor that it wa not meant for that use and to not attempt do iti did not care and tri it it had the same effect of put moistur cream on it it ha a similar texturenoth chang at all it did not do anythingi would actual have prefer if it had damag the plastic becaus at least it would be the proof of some effect"
"noth wrong with the bulb but even at their sale price i think it wa 16 or so they were a poor valu not ani brighter than the set that wa in therejust the cheapo kragen brand"
"forget the market hype of 90 that is just some trick of the perver way they are measur it the dot depart of transport tight regul these thing to someth like 15 with that said these are notabl brighter than the stock 9003 bulb which were 3 year old consid the origin were 3 year old i would believ the output of these bulb is increa toward the upper rang of that 15 i also like the color temperatur of the light output which is notic whiter than normal halogen but not quit true hid colorwhat is a terribl disappoint is that these bulb dramat alter the beam pattern perhap thi is the way that ge play the number game to achiev up to 90 brighter in certain area what i found is that the beam pattern went from a nice wide flat pattern to an almost dot pattern sure the area in the bright dot is better lit but the other area are wor in fact the center dot ha a poor cutoff caus extra glare forc you to aim them slight lower what i see are two bright dot which converg to give you a welllit spot which is fine for straightahead highway use but for curv or side lane it is terriblein sum i like the increa light output as well as the color temperatur of these bulb and the daili deal price wa nice but ge compromi the beam pattern to achiev it bogu market claim"
"i bought these know that no regular bulb are go to look like hid but thought these would be a littl bit closer to hid i saw mani great review and that these were the top of the line i instal them in my 2007 ford crown victoria patrol car and saw no differ in bright or color on top of that these appar have a shorter life span than regular bulb fortun they were on sale for a great price so i dont feel bad wast the money"
"the bulb were great didnt have the over blue color mani of the high end bulb do and were notic brighter than the bulb they replac howev 1 bulb die after less than 3 month and no i did not touch the bulb dure instal so in the end i give them an a for effort but the still get an f over"
"ok product didnt fit my grip i guess on made for their grip"
"in spite of the low cost the design of thi unit circuitri is fair robust better than some diy design you will find on the webftdi usb to serial interfac ic ft232bl and lm393 dual voltag compar for dual k line level conver on okth main drawback is that the suppli softwar is useless ancient and the instruct are useless nonappl to ani recent version of window it is also understood that there is no supportin instal the usb driver from ftdi web site seem to work but did not strong consid use the latest driver from window updat site which work proper with vcd lite and of cour are sign and work well with window 7 in my base 64 bit version alsoalso when check connect use vcd lite option per instruct make sure you do thi physic connect to car obd port and not with other serial port which will fal pass test in vcd lite option pane these are the two most common setupinst problem you may encounterth is no support for thi product or the softwar you might run with it so take care to follow the direct preci if you do so you will have a good chanc of thi work with recent version of window and vcdslite or other freeshar ware for vwaudi obdwher my sampl fell short is in proper function test thi with multipl comput and knowncompat car that work with other obdii reader it did not ever establish a connect to the car softwar use includ the vcd freewar version as well as two other open sourc toolswhen check the connect and solder under microscop i found that the obd connector j1962 that connect to the car jack wa poor solder otherwi the devic appear well put togetheramazon process a refund proper boost review a star given huge valu and good fallback if all el failsbtw purcha the similar but betterbuilt cabl from ecstun for about 3x the total cost veri happi with that bit of hardwar"
"i bought thi think it will work with my 1994 vw golf the cd that come with it is useless and outdat and the cabl did not serv it intend purpo at the end"
"need driver and softwar help will not instal auto instal disc wont do noth but tell you what it wont do"
"in less than a year these bracket have rust the thing is i keep my bike in the garag when not in use onc again most like made in china like must thing sold at amazon"
"thi is a nice piec of equip and it is a must have for an rv water system but i found out veri quick that i wa switch compressor hose constant becaus thi wasnt the same size as my air tool yeah you can chang those nippl out but honest just use the valv stem style blow out and you wont have ani problem"
"i though what a great idea blow air into line and clear them so they wont freez right well i wonder about the low line or the dip throughout the coach the pex may have in hidden area if water didnt get total blow out and accumul in these area well thi past fall i blew the line good with air and my good air compressor to the right pressur no to over do what the line can hold and long and a few timeswel with the super cold winter we had i got nervou after a few super cold day in dec and figur i would pump rv antifreez through all the line which i have alway done just in case my fear were right well it would not pump through all the water line becaus the accumul water left in pex line were frozen in some area i warm up coach for a few hour and use a few space heater till line becam unfrozen then the water pump final drew in the antifreez and i had no leak and felt good the rest of the winter know the line were protecteda thought also went through my mind when i wa push compress air in from my compressor to my water line think how clean is thi air that blow through the air line and compressor into my fresh water drink linesso the product doe what it design to do convert air to screw in part of water inlet after that i am not sure it get all the water out plu just know the rv antifreez is in all the line is a safe thing to know your realli cover good when you flush it in the spring and have no surpri leak anywh from a crack pex line or connector somewh"
"i return these due to them not work on my trailer it ha side skirt on it and it wa imposs to use these even turn upsid down send back and order standard wheel chock"
"look good on paper but ha no effect on the movement of 33 travel trailer i put down the land gear and have normal movement when someon get up and move around got a pr of these hope theyd allevi that movement no chang whatsoev these might keep you from roll away if park on a steep hill but so will a good set of wheel chock and i know theyd cost a lot less dont wast your money buy the wheel chock"
"okay thi doe appear to be a smooth run machin but smooth or not it no good if the pad dont stay on over a 3 settingi got thi to restor the finish on a white 2005 ford crown victoria polic interceptor that i bought from the local auction i actual wrote in and ask meguiar if it could be use with their 105 compound they said ye and i order the machineunfortun the pad would not stay on at the higher speed in order to cut through the scratch and there is no way it would cut 1200 to 1500 sand line like they adverti it do in mani of their video so i learn that issu on the trunk and did the rest of the car with 3000 and after sever applic of 105 at the slower speed got the car to shine and readi for the 205 polishi did write in to meguiar regard the pad issu and they did send me a pad and a new back plate unfortun they sent me the 56 back plate and not the 7 plate that thi machin is all about so what the point local on 8 pad are avail in all the part store so that anoth issu your pad must be order alsoi thought i did all my homework befor i order thi product and look at video and review all over the place i guess i didnt pay enough attent becaus when i receiv the machin and review specif video on product use i notic mani of the meguiar train video show maguir folk use a makita rotari tool and a wool pad at high speed i think that should have been a clueanyway in my next life i am go to at least go down to the local auto paint suppli store and see what they are offer befor i buy onlin while 3m stuff is not so preval in the auto suppli store around here and i havent seen ani good da with the pressur respon motor and the speed rang of the onlin stuff im sure they must have a complet set of product that local profess are use for about the same price less the aggrav use meguiar product sinc the blue coral era in the 70 and between thi da thing and multipl problem with their fail spray bottl i am move on to other vendor"
"thi littl unit is a workhor it basic a dual action grinder motor that ha been adapt for use as a buffer the problem it ha is thu the way the pad attach to the buffer is a cheap velcro system the pad will not stay put had to stop frequent to recent them thi would just be annoy but it get wor after an hour of use the unit start to get hot and it conduct thi heat down into the buf pad the velcro on the pad is held in place with glue so when the pad get hot the glue let go and the pad disintegr while your work thi is just plain poor design especi for a 150 buffer if they could overcom thi it would be a great unit otherwi it a wast of money for anyon who is do seriou detail work"
"if i pay for a a e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug i expect to see the red gaugeinstead of a orang cheaper grade lang gaug no pocket clip have the pleasur of own a real a e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug thi is nowher the same item no where in thi list doe it say or substitut not even a email or noth say it would be substitut i mean if i want the cheap lang i could have stop by sear for five buck"
"at least i obtain lexol premium tire shine spray through amazon vine program becaus i would have been great disappoint had i paid the go price the main issu is that stoner meguiar and mother all make superior product and all of them are readili avail at auto suppli store the spray nozzl on the lexol product produc an aw wide spray which tend to lead to wast and have to clean the overspray off your wheel when use in the wide set on the narrow set there still a fair amount of runoff wast the biggest problem is that thi product is not near as shini as it competitor nor doe it seem to last appreci longer if your in a pinch lexol premium tire shine spray is ok but if you can find one of the three competitor list abov at a compar price then think twice about thi product"
"thi product ha silicon which ha been proven to degrad tire and dri them out so while thi product will make your tire look shini the tire will not last as long if you use thisth manufactur claim that thi product protect your tire is complet fal"
"okay i didnt expect a lot but i did expect it to inflat an automobil tire compressor would come on but tire would total deflat while runningsam thing with tri to inflat a bicycl tire i learn my final lesson with slime thi wa not my first faulti product from thi manufactur"
"piec of junk took forev to inflat a normal car tire and broke after about 2 month total wast of money"
"i got a small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread a few veri small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to a t the slime 34clotted34 in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove a few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over a few hour and it held the next day howev i drove to work and when i came back to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got a lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know a lot of peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing a bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in a pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit reviewsput anoth way there is at least a 25 chanc thi product will be a disast for you a 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use a more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for a product like thi a 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be a good rate for a tv but for a product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as a car tire have a 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"thi jumpstart air compressor invert is of excel qualiti and use as mention in other review it would be nice if they includ an ac power cord and possibl a dc powercharg cord for the price thi is a fair larg unit and take up a larg amount of room in a trunk or the back of a station wagonhatchback it charg fast and ha plenti of reserv power to start our motor home or inflat larg tire great carri handleupd 19 may 2011 the user manual wa miss now i need it to check someth item itself is pretti user friend tri to download manual on websit from manufactur upgicom but no manual or document avail from support none avail from energ tri googl no one ha upload manual yet final found support 800 number for upg inc which is also a wholesaleretail sale number nice ladi answer she took my name email telephon address etc said she would look around for one and send it somehow if she find oneappar thi is a market arrang where they buy the use of the energ name then import and distribut itdesign pretti good salesmarket good support not so good technic support essenti nonexist downgrad to two star will post anoth updat if i ever get the manual"
"thi is a handi product i must say an allinon but the fact still remain that the power invert doe not last to one satisfact infact the power invert cannot fill air into a new tyre that is on it disadvantag power invert doe not last"
"just got through use thi applic pad did not like it would not absorb the past wax such that i could not go veri far without have to dip back into the can again for more wax veri wast of my time and my wax my hand cramp while use it i now realiz that i prefer a thinner padi see noth premium about it and i have use lot of applic over the year includ foam microfib and even the littl pad i got with my p21 concour wax all were better imo than thi one i like smart wax product but thi applic wa for me at least a dudof cour your experi along with your wax may be differ"
"thi stuff dri way too faststay away unless you have a buffer machin unimpress get mcguiar it soo much better"
"as most lock ga cap go it a pain to use the thing and thi cap make it just a bit more of a pain about a month ago i unlock the thing to put ga in sinc you need the key to even put the thing back on the car i poke the key back into the hole and turn it and began put it on as usual it kept lock caus it to spin freeli even though the key wa in and turn and then it unlock and stay that way and i use it for about a week until i got anoth ga cap i wa afraid it wa go to lock and id have to pri the stupid thing off and noth would ever work on it again meh ill find a way to make the door lockabl"
"it list at water resist but it is not water resistantit rain right now and i can see my motorcycl is cover in water no protect nadagreat fit great look cover for mayb dust and wind but not for rainplan to return and get someth with real water resist cover"
"i think thi is is a dumb design you have to put the key in and turn and turn and turn and turn what it doe is unthread on a small diamet bolt mayb 14 i get the impress that i need to put some silicon on it befor use it to keep it from corrod and rust it will probabl work fine to keep the hitch in the receiv but not conveni and i doubt these small thread would surviv a good pri bar jmho"
"thi lock is adverti and label as fit class iii and iv hitch receiv it is also recommend by amazon to be purcha with the allen 2 bike hitch carrier although thi lock is solid construct the 58 diamet pin is too larg to fit either the allen 2 bike hitch carrier or ani class iii hitch receiv that ive ever seen amazon wa graciou about allow me to return it for a full refund ive replac it with a lock with a smaller pin that actual doe fit a class iii hitch receiv thi larg heavi lock wa appar design for a class iv hitch receiv not a class iii"
"thi product doe not deliv valu it is label as larg and have a capac of 64 liter i had hope thi tote would live up to it adverti but it did not even come close i am still wonder what the purpo is for the clear top panel sinc a it ha a den white grid pattern and b it cannot be seen through the carri handl are inconveni and requir one to use two hand as they are place vertic at the midway point of each side veri awkward to carri anyth let alon a full load the frame is not sturdi and you would not be abl to put anyth on top of thi the nonskid base doe not keep the tote in place as claim the final nail in the coffin is the price i find the 50 price tag almost laughabl sinc the item fall so short of it claim depend upon your need i would recommend use duffel bag or those plastic mold tote with lid if you need more support in both case you will save yourself some hardearn cash"
"i had high hope for thi product sinc keep thing organ in my trunk is challeng i have a hatchback and alway keep the back seat fold down i am also not abl to fulli grasp the concept of travel light so there alway a lot of stuff knock abouti have an organ that i realli like it made by rola their move model which come in variou size and is sold by amazon it ha moveabl divid collap and is perfect for keep groceri bag and the like secur in the trunk but it low so tall thing can toppl out i had been use an old plastic bin to carri taller item and thought the thule bag would be much betterwel it look nice but in term of actual use doesnt offer ani more valu than my 199 plastic bin the thule bin ha the capabl to collap but it somewhat ackward to do the metal rod are tough to wedg into place it a twohand oper the rola design is much bettereasierth no divid within the bin nor are there ani pocket on the outsid it basic a nylon repres of a box with a zipper on the top and handl on the side the base is nonskid but is not all that grippi stop short caus the bin to slide quit a biti wish i could be more posit about thi sinc thule doe make some good product while thi is wellbuilt good zipper nice stich and qualiti nylon materi it need to go back to the draw board either add more valu to it by ad featur such as divid pouch etc or drop the price by way more than half as it stand if you buy thi your pay an aw lot for someth that is function equiv to a plain box"
"thi is a trapizodi box with a zipper top there is a wire frame you must push down to get it to stand up hint place it on a hard flat surfac to get the wire side to stay in place there is a zipper across the top handl on the side and cynch strap on each side to tighten i have no ideamin arriv incorrect assembl the cynch strap ran outsid the handl and made the handl unus i look at the pictur on the box and realiz the cynch strap were suppo to go insid the handl you cant unthread the cynch strap but you can unhook them from the bottom attach and rerun themth clear panel on top is not clear at all transluc mayb no chanc you can see what is insideth nonskid base is realli not veri effect at all especi becaus the smooth fabric from the side wrap around the bottom edgesi realli dont understand the purpo of thi a cardbox would do the same thing in fact it might do it better thi ha a trapizodi shape which is smaller on the bottom than the top thi great reduc your abil to put thing in the bottom it also on ha a central zipper so you cant even open the whole thing up to put in tall itemsth are no intern divid and not even ani tie down point around the outsid to afix it to the floor of your trunkessenti you are buy a fair ineffect box with a thule logo on the outsid i for one am not at all impress with thi product and do not recommend it two star not one becaus the fabric zipper and over assembl are pretti high end"
"i thought thi would be the perfect organ of sort for my husband suv the size and descript seem perfect howev unless you plan on load the organizertot insid of the vehicl it is not veri easi to carri or transport the handl are awkward and the qualiti of construct just did not seem worth the price i agr with the other review who mention that amazon went overboard with noneco friend packag for mail the item unnecessari the box could have been ship in it origin packag as the item it is not breakabl and the cardboard box it wa pack in at the factori wa sturdi disappoint"
"my hilift with the cast base v the stamp doesnt fit veri well in thi not sure if i will end up use it"
"i couldnt see ani improv at all i sand i polish over and over again i got noth thi wa a total wast of money"
"thi is the strangest offer yet by amazon vineth wiper are offer in pack of 1 and i wa not awar you could not order two of the same size i have a gmc savana that requir two 22 blade i place the vine order for one and then found i could not order anoth obvious replac one wiper blade is not go to help what use is receiv just onei can buy anoth from amazon for approxim 17 but my anco wiper refil cost 6 and work fine we are not allow to return or give away vine merchandi so what wa thi offer good for"
"a review of thi wiper blade wa enter in the autotex 18 by mistakehowev the same thing appli to thi offer you can get one blade but not two that are need vine should consid thi befor offer item like thisto purcha a second autotex wiper blade via amazon would cost 3 time as much as i spend on wiper blade and i truli dont believ the autotex blade can wipe rain off my windshield three time fasternot a good offer for amazon vine"
"i have been addict to meguiar gold class car wash for year and have never use anyth el it is fantast and give a nice shine afterward as well the water bead up and it is veri easi to dri it seem as if it is a shampoo and condit i went to the auto part store and found meguiar ultim car wash on sale for 799 and thought i would give it a tri i wa a bit disappoint it is a strang yellow color and it is thick and i person did not care for the smell it clean veri well but it wa almost as if the wax wa gone after i use it the car wa not slipperi anymor it had am actual layer of water and not bead so it wa harder to dri as well even with an absorb i have on use it a coupl of time on two differ car and i think that i am go to pass it up and go back to the gold class i may tri it onc more but if it produc the same result i am go to toss it out in the trash no wonder it is on sale ultim i dont think so"
"thi is an updat to my origin review in june 2010 which wa veri positivethi is a nice product produc copiou sud that last good at clean the vehicl so noth new therehowev i alway wonder about the claim of the wash contain carnauba and polym sinc one normal ha to buff wax off the car just how did thi product leav these wax type finish on a car whi wouldnt you have to buff thi after use itthen it occur to me my black car alway ha a good wax finish do i need to be put someth from a wash in addit to that when i wash a car i hose it down mix up the sudsi shampoo wash all area squeegi off the water with a silicon blade and finish up by wipe up ani remain dropletsmoistur with one of those damp chamwow type high absorb felt towel thi work fine but with the meguiar i alway had to follow up on the glass with an addit buf from a bath type towel if i didnt buff the window even though they had been wipe clean of droplet by the chamwow they would be veri streakedspot in the direct sunlight so although i didnt see direct streak of the paint i have to assum that it had the same issu as the unbuf window given i wasnt buf the car paint itselfi actual had gone to buy a new bottl of the meguiar hadnt paid much attent to price in that i alway want a good shampoo but then i notic that thi product is twice the price of other name brand shampoo such as black magic and rainx plu thi product call for 1 oz per gallon wherea those other call for 1 oz per bucket so it actual four time the price of the othersso came back with the black magic which is just a clean shampoo at 1 oz per bucket vs the maquiar 2 it foam veri well but didnt last quit as long but long enough to get the job done with foami soap i did notic that the window werent streak and car actual doe seem to have a better shine but have to admit that could be wish thinkingso in conclus think thi product leav some sort of film on the car and not a glassi one there are plenti of option out there at 14 the cost that leav no film if you are will to pay four time the price suspect you alreadi keep your vehicl wax so the dubiou benefit of thi product contain wax as protect is a wast of money as well as leav a less that sparkl clean finish on the car"
"price wa attract but veri poor qualiti construct materi i have not use becaus i am afraid it collap under high presion"
"garbag product i sprai it well until the can becam empti i have stuck brake dust just after 3 day of drive so the commerci is"
"i like how simpl thi product is to appli but notic that on my machin and partial paint wheel it dri visibl and requir a lot of elbow grea to rub out complet to a perfect finish i dont like to have to overwork ani product on my car not just out of lazi but the more aggress you have to rub anyth in risk scratch i didnt even finish use thi product i just threw what wa left awaynb onc it wa complet work in it doe leav the wheel bead so it work but there are other product out there that finish 34right34 first time without the extra labor requir"
"the review said that thi wa the best of the air pumpsi order it and return the pump without actual use itmi black and decker did not have as good of review as thi unit hadbut i didnt like not have the option of a 120 volt plugsinc i wa go to give it as a gift i want to make it as easi to use as possibleth idea of not be abl to plug it in to a garag outletsinc you cant run the vehicl in a garag in the time to fill the tire"
"i look at differ similar product and decid to pay extra to buy thi becaus i want someth that would last unfortun thi did noti use it when i first got it and it work fine i like the fact the hose clip on to the inflat valv and the gaug seem accuratei store it on my compressor over the winter and went to use it yesterday but couldnt the pressur relea button on the side had somehow fallen out of the bodi leav a gape hole that let all the compress air escap there doe not seem to be ani way to repair or replac that part so now the whole thing is useless and a total wast of money"
"amazon sent me a previouslyreturn arb inflat and not surprising it hose leak it wa leak from where the silver hose connect to the silver bodi i return the arb and bought a milton dual chuck tire inflat with gaug which use higherqu materi and higherqu construct though the arb ha a few advantag in designth arb ha a gaug that easier to read than milton the on problem is that the chuck on the arb air hose doesnt rotat like on the milton so you may need to clip the arb hose onto the air connector at an angl that make the arb gaug hard to readth milton chuck is open on both side of the tilt silver end which ive read mean you can push the milton hose into a tight space and pull the chuck back onto an air connect appar thi is necessari on certain vehicl and equip if you dont need that featur then the arb clipon connector is probabl more conveni the clip itself feel a littl weak and might break over time though if it did you could hold it against the air connectorth arb come with a type d quick disconnect alreadi screw in but on the milton you have to suppli your own seal tape and screw in your own quick disconnectth arb ha a button you can use to relea pressur from what your inflat but the milton ha no such featur i dont think it at all difficult to relea some pressur on the chuck and just let air escap from the tire and that probabl easier than use a pressurerelea button anyway plu have a button creat anoth point that can fail dure manufactur or after youv own the tool for awhil"
"after read the high review i wa expect a good inflatorsad it is not veri good at all the needl jump and will often stick at the 60 psi mark i have to tap the gaug to get it to move the crimp is not that good and it will leak air when the hose is flexedi may have been unlucki or it may be a sign of qualiti controli didnt need to use it for sever week after i bought it by which time is wa too late to returnveri disappoint with thi"
"broke quick after first usag and when it did work for a littl while the read were off compar to two other guag i own a slime and a craftsman digit so it wa definit defect then it just quit read after a month of veri light usag unhappi is an understat and hope these folk read these review and redesign thi product quit unhappi"
"ye it doe the job nice size easili latch on but what i find truli annoy is how long it take to reset back to zero it take like 10 second is that a long time in the grand scheme of thing no but onc you get that initi figur let say 335 and ur goal is 32 psi it can take awhil to get down to that 32 i bought thi for my father in lawi have a craftsman tire gaug that zero almost instant and it ha a bleeder valv that let the air out and can see the psi love it guess i wa spoil as thi tekton gaug annoy me luckili i dont have to use it often dont get me wrong it isnt junk but just do not like it"
"greesi messi doesnt spread even and attract dirt use it to shine my tire until it gone becaus it worthless for anyth el"
"a could not imagin that factori manufactur item can be so much off size of the socket too loo even for 78 and complet unacept for 22 mma mention in other review over socket will round the nut surfac sinc the full forc will be appli to a veri small area of the edg"
"think fli paper when you buy thi item it is veri sticki which mean it attract everyth it also stick a littl too well to a dash and get worst when it is a hot dash pull it up leav a mark on your dash for a few day i thought it would be a friction mat not a high sticki mat"
"the stem is somewhat loo and ha a tendenc to move in the base l had wrap elect tape around that area to make it more stabl therefor im disappoint in thi item"
"the walex toi61776 elemon grey water deodor and cleaner work ok just ok for a few day and i have to place more in the gray water tank i wish there wa a product on the market that would work alittl longer but you have to rememb what your deal with34 a roll outhouse34"
"after you purcha thi elbow you are abl to read the fine print and find that it contain lead i would rather not have lead in the connect to my fresh water system on my motor home but i have not die yet"
"thi is a great idea but the one i receiv had sever pinhol leak not just seepag but small jet of water from bad cast"
"i return thi item becaus it contain lead in whi in thi day an age would someth with lead in it still be sold"
"got one of these when i blew out a coupl hose due to high pressur while it did reduc the pressur it caus backflow problem that caus hammer pipe resolv that and the regul stop work turn out if it sit with backpressur on it it start to stick im on my second camco reg and it is now start to fail if you use thi a lot i live in my rv so it get constant use go for a good reg if you on use it occas thi is probabl fine"
"thi is a well made water regul but it restrict the water flow to much so there is hard ani pressur in the camper basic a wast of money imho get one with a pressur gaug and that allow you to regul the actual water pressur"
"it just doesnt fit veri well hard to disconnect and had a faulti connect typic low qualiti stuff from you know where basic you get what you paid for i high dont recommend thi terribl product"
"i tought im buy a brand new idem but i gue i wa wrong thi wa priviusli use and it ha mark of wear all over it it make me sad i fall for such a scam"
"got thi and just befor i took it out of the box return iti dont know what i wa think when i order thi it a coupl of clamp with boltsnow that im look at it and think about it i just cant ration 50went down to low and got 2 clamp bolt and wing nut weld the wing nut to the clamp and have a nice tube mount for the jeep under 1000on the rock crawler i just weld the 2 bolt direct to the roll cage under 500on one star not becaus of the qualiti of the item it is qualiti and veri well madei on gave it one star becaus thi item should sell for half the price"
"the product i receiv wa differ from the photo onlin even differ from the photo on the product box i sent it back to be replac and i got the same wrong product im sure i could have made it work but i dont like buy one item and get ship someth el twice"
"the adapt doesnt establish a connect with the charg system in my bmw the tender jr work well when attach direct to the batteri but i cant get thi conveni cig lighter adapt to work"
"i bought thi cigarett lighter adapt so i could plug my deltran trickl charger into my car without have to rai the hood everi time the first time i plug it in the light on the charger lit up and i thought all wa well later i notic the light wa out so i check to see if my lighter socket still work with my gp and other devic and it doe not i check the fuse and it is not a fuse it ruin the lighter socket i have not had it fix yet becaus the radio surround must be remov to get to it"
"i would not buy thi scraperbrush to replac my ga station cheapi the scraper is not so sturdi and while the brush head can be rotat it actual shorter than my cheapiealso it doe not extend wrong item i thought perhap there wa anoth on my newslett and i accid order it instead of the extend brush but there wa no other oxo snowbrush and the item im to review is an extend brush but mine isnt how i struggl tri to extend the grip from the handl until i realiz the way the handl is made it couldnt possibl extend and sure enough that white button toward the end of the handl that you can see in the product pictur is miss from my snowbrusha mistak can be forgiven and ive given favor review when ive bought one item and receiv anoth so long as form fit and function compli with the product descript thi doe notit a good thing it ha that nice comfi oxo grip i need it for the extra time it take to brush the snow off my car and it earn thi item two star rather than one"
"the tiedown hole for the rope are in the complet wrong placethey are mount near the front mirror as oppo to be in the middl of the car the rope they give is entir too short and frustratingbi the time you reach the hole from undersid the car the hole you initi put the rope through ha fell outth worst part the elast bottom hem isnt even the whole way around but on on the front and rear of vehicl a true qualiti car cover would have the elast bottom hem everywh around the cardefinit regret thi purcha"
"the idea while great is not the greatest in execut becaus the manufactur ha chosen to on make the tape 38 inch wide when you bend thi in half to fit your door edg it realli doesnt leav much to work withless than 216 inch on each side add to that the thick of the door edg and there is even less it amaz me how compani tri to save a few fraction of a penni to increa their bottom line and leav it to the consum to fend for themselv in thi case to instal thi to look nice while not have much to grab onto i on did about 8 inch of my door edg where my door would make first contact it clear so that good and my tape is near invi but good luck tri to tape thi down your entir door frame without mess up becaus it not wide enough"
"it thinner than i had expect on time will tell how it would hold up to my abusebtw i use solut from a tint kit to put it on and it work fine it take a lot of time and patienc to get it to stick to the edg curv of the door sill"
"without get too technic thi isnt the 507 spec that vwskodaaudiseat call for the m in the name and on the label mean it for merc i didnt see that until i order it i will keep it and sell it to a merc owner hope it should be more easi to pick the right oil for car via amazon and via the oil and car compani"
"i hate these glasss they leak air around foam pad dont like the feel of them at all i dont know what el to write in order to leav thi comment"
"i read all the review and figur thi purcha is a no brainer well i wa the except to the rule i guess to be fair i own a ford flex and wa sent mat for a ford f150 the mat seem like a nice made product but not for my vehicl didnt fit at all sent em back and paid half the price for mat that were specif made for the vehicl"
"as a hitch pin thi is great it fit my hitch just fineif you are use it to secur your hitch for a short period of time thi will be fineth problem come if you are one of those peopl that leav their hitch on all the time i do thi to prevent peopl from ding me in the citi and be in the citi i need to lock my hitchth problem is that the lock will seiz up with water and road grime and it will be imposs to remov thi happen to me and i wa prepar to spent hour under my truck with a grind wheel as almost an asid i start with a hack saw and realiz that the pin is veri soft i wa abl to cut through half the pin in a coupl minut by hand with a dull hack saw then i took a hammer whack it one way until it bent turn the pin around whack it the other way and it broke offso good for me that it didnt turn into a cur fest butit also made me realiz that the lock will on keep honest peopl honest and now i have to buy a new pin"
"i use thi product on a myriad of leather around the hous and found that in near everi case the 34leather honey34 wa a disappoint i bought 34leather honey34 for the purpo of renew an old pair of leather boot after follow the instruct and see absolut no differ i decid to tri it on a varieti of other leather with littl or no result classic snake oil product"
"in an attempt to keep my new leather dash from ever get warp again i look into thi product given overwhelm number of posit reviewsa the name impli leather honey is a thick transluc fluid that flow with a consist not unlik corn syrupth instruct on the back readsleath honey revit stiff weather leatherand soften protect and extend the life of newleath may darken some leather but originalcolor usual return over time use on all typesof leather except suededirectionsnew leather use a paint brush spong orlintfr cloth cover entir surfac area withleath honey at room temperatur the warmerth product the easier to appli allow a minimumof two hour for absorpt prefer overnightand wipe off excessus leather clean surfac with mild soap andwarm water allow to dri follow instruct fornew leather if necessari appli addit coatsus on as directednot for retail unless authorizeda littl goe a long wayso with that i left my car to warm up nice in the sun befor appli the product my car interior color were a mixtur of black and light creme leather i test the product on a nonconspicu leather spot behind my seat and all wa safe it didnt chang the colormi first impress wa the smell it doesnt smell horribl but it ha a smokey smell to it veri hard to describ when appli the smell is veri light and not too appar but out of the bottl it ha a strong burntsour chemic smell to it i get the impress they were tri to simul the smell of natur treat leather it will be entir up to you to decid how compat thi leather is with your product in case of my car interior i didnt mind it as i believ the smell would mix right in with that new car smell i just wouldnt call it pleasantnext upappl as i appli the leather honey onto a clean microfib cloth to my surpri it wa clear as water but thick like syrup even though my car wa nice warm up from the sun the product laid down thick there wa an immedi tacki as the towel move across the surfac of the leather i can see whi peopl say thi product isnt oili becaus oil is slipperi when appliedstil i will be complet straight with you contrari to what other review have state the the product is oili veri oili but not in that slipperi way it leav the leather glisten even as i turn the towel to wipe off the excess the leather wa glisten that may be fine for thing like shoe but for car leather especi dashboard it not good as instruct i left the product on the leather to absorb overnight and on the follow day i went over everyth again with a dri towel still my leather wa left feel oili and still glisten when i took the car out for a drive the spot where my elbow normal touch the window sill wa veri hot to the touch as you may or may not know oili thing heat up veri quick ever microwav someth oili like a croissant ye it take on a few second anyway remov my elbow it left a dull spot i took my dri towel and tri to wipe away the dull spot but it didnt go away my elbow had pull the oil right out of the surfac of leather so ye thi product is veri oili and a terribl choic for car leather i also notic that the smudg left behind on window glass when my towel rub up against it unavoid were not easili wipe away in fact the on way to get rid of it wa to use glass cleanerbecaus it is oil base thi product is certain capabl of restor dri weather leather the downsid is that it left my car leather oili im sure my leather love it but but i didnt and it leav a slight tacki to the leather that i found veri unapp to sit insummaryi can see how thi product will rock for maintain shoe and pur which explain the numer posit review but it is not at all a good product on leather which your skin touch on a regular basi your skin give and absorb oil too and when it touch someth treat with leather honey it will take away some of that oil leather honey is veri thick and oili i laugh now think about the recommend of use a brush in the instruct that would have been a nightmar to reduc down to an even layer on one hand if you dont put enough on it wont do ani good for the leather but if you do it veri veri oili and take mani goover to get thing to an accept state and even after that your left with a tacki unclean feel leatheri would not at all recommend thi leather product for car or jacket sorri as much as i love the name and the idea behind leather honey i must warn all car lover to steer away from thi product i would recommend use zymol leather creme condit it smell better goe on easi and wipe off without the issu i had with leather honey i end up use it to restor my interior the way it wa befor i appli leather honey i realli hope leather honey wa a better product than what i wa use but it wasntat least not for what i bought it foroh ye i did mention jacket didnt i ye i appli leather honey to my jacket at the same time it wa a mistak it too wa left feel slight tacki it wa an 800 levi made and craft leather motorcyclestyl jacket like a babi butt sheepskin soft anyway im sure with time the tacki will go away and im left with a healthier leather jacket i wont be do that that againanyway thi ha been my honest review of leather honey i hope it wa help thank for readingif you have ani addit tip or suggest for me on the product or my review id love to hear it leav me a comment thank again"
"leav a sticki finish on my sofa and doe not protect against mild dew i use meguiar car leather cleaner and condit thi realli clean my sofa well and doesnt leav a oili surfac meguiar reduc the mild dew problem signific"
"im not sure if it is a factori defect or it is suppo to be like that when i shook the filter with my hand i could hear a wobbl noi from the insid the insid of the filter i could move it back and ford with my finger i have use wix mobil 1 porul kn and none of them i could move a thing insid the filtercan anyon confirm it is normal befor i put it on my car thi is my first rp filter i will just toss it away and forget about it if it is a defect never again rp filter 12thanksupd i talk to rp custom support and thi is hi repli if you have a similar problem do not put thi filter on your car have a good daygood morningthi doesnt sound right plea repli with the filter part number and your locat we would like to get thi filter back for inspect and would happili replac it for youthank for choo royal purpl and have a great daybest regardschristoph barkertechn servic"
"i bought the full set of these and in tripl quaniti due to tv muscl car recommend no wonder local auto part store dont carri thi product it stain my dash and speedomet plastic leav residu in windsheild over spray"
"i order 6 of these and it didnt last use them onmi new dodg ram 1500 and it wa disappoint on new goodyear tire i went with duplicolor tire spray and it last soooo much longer"
"i order thi for a 2008 honda civicthi valv will not screw into the oil pan becaus the spot where the plug is locat is recess and the valv cant turn in that space"
"i cannot tell the differ between use thi cleaner and use just soap and water the scrubber brush is nice"
"i bought thi product to use withgriot garag 11044 long last tire dress 16 oz while the tire dress is a fine product thi detail spong suck everi time i use thi my hand end up cover in the tire dress i havent found a way to hold thi that your hand doesnt get fulli grea with productordinarili id give such a product 1star but they say it work for interior dress as well mayb it better at that for tire applic spend your money on theeagl one 5010602 tire swipe 2 per poli baginstead they work great and can be cut in half to handl low profil tire"
"i actual have the wash pad and they are not realli effect becaus they hold so much water that they becom heavi and cumbersom to use especi on the side and lower part of your vehiclealso they take forev to dri one time i accid put them away in a contain when i thought they were dri but the insid wa still moist the next day they smell like moldyou could toss these in the dryer but it would take forev to dri when you leav them out to dri they take a few day to complet dri befor you can put them back in storagea far as wash abil i wasnt impress they dont lather up proper and i feel like everi time i go over the paint i am move water around and not enough soapmi favorit car wash spong is the zymol spong you can get it for like 8 buck on ebay it is made from a higher qualiti spong materi it is the perfect size and it just make car wash so much easier microfib is good for a lot of thing but i think a good qualiti spong is best for wash i actual like the spong better than a sheepskin mitt griot use to sell a superior sheepskin mitt which i have and still usei will admit that these micro fiber mittspad look realli cool and they feel great when they are dri but onc you drop them in the water they becom so heavi that you cant effici use them you might feel otherwi but i have a feel if you use these you will encount the same problem i had imo a good qualiti wash spongecloth should be lightweight when load with water and soap so that when you are wash your vehicl you are abl to produc lather thi wash mittpad becom so heavi when load with water that it is not abl to effect do thati dont recommend thi product to wash your car"
"i bought these mitt for the high review but i wa insan disappoint in the first minut i knew i hate them when i soak them in the soap and water i pull out what felt like a set of 10 lb dumbel my arm were exhaust and just to give them anoth chanc i tri them on anoth wash i threw them in the trash i wouldnt even be okay give them to a friend becaus i wouldnt wanna put them through it"
"sinc griot make you buy thi separ i thought it would be a good product not so thi sprayer didnt make it through half the bottl when the seal broke the speed shine is a great productbut the sprayer is crap save your money and just pour the speed shine in an empti windex bottl like i had to do"
"there no fine mist set on these sprayer it goe from close to a sloppi spray i appli the major of my detail liquid to pad or towel and a fine spray would realli cut down on wast product it a conspiraci yeah just go to your local hardwar store buy cheap spray bottl and transfer your liquid to those these sprayer are low qualiti and sad i have like 10 of them right in the garbag they will gonot recommend"
"ive bought five of these over the last 2 year for variou bottl of griot product i use and so far four of them have blown their intern seal and now leak fluid all over my hand as i spray thi is after mayb a dozen use sometim less if these sprayer were includ with the product it wouldnt be so bad but sinc griot sell them separ thi is inexcus that they call them the finest sprayer just make it wor ive found the sprayer i can get at my local home improv store for half the price includ a bottl are superior to thi one ill continu to use griot other product but for sprayer ill look elsewh"
"if thi is their finest i am plea that i have not experienc their worst although griot ha some good productsand some not so goodthi one is miser when use thi with speed shine it just lay big goober of liquid on the car which then run off everywh i have tri sever of those that i havei onc bought 3 of themand they all fail i have a friend who detail car and he said that their old sprayer were fine but that he too hate thi oneand he is a real griot bigotcheck out chemic guy for a realli good onehowev some of their product too leav much to be desir but their sprayer is good in the veri fine control mist that it lay down"
"after use thi clay i just assum clay wa a pain to use but after tri a differ brand i know better thi clay fall apart while tri to use it it also is a veri mild clay which isnt a bad thing but if you want better result i recommend anoth brand"
"i found thi to be too soft everythin on your hand and nail as such it doesnt pick up everyth either i had to go over the same surfac 2 to 3 time to get glossi smooth finish also the yellow color on the clay seem like ad paint color it start come off of the clay when go over the surfac not good"
"my experi is probabl the except sinc thi unit ha been bought by sever hundr peopl and ha a 4 star plu rate open the packag and lift out thought i had a babi rattl thi is an electr devic it shouldnt have loo piec insid think electr short and blow up expen electron i didnt even tri to plug it in im not blame the seller thi is a manufactur qualiti control issu unit packag arriv intact"
"not as flexibl as i thought it would be can be sand bu if join two edg togeth simpl crack as oppo to total separ part it wa a failur plastic bond open up along crack liewant to make a plastic tab join to larger partaft have a 1 inch crack re appear on flat surfac doubt thi will do addit infotri to use to attach differ plastic togetrh not effectivethi stuff is useless for ani repeat ani bond of plastic end up like like glaze putti no perman adh and break off easilyi ould rate thi stuff a zero star if possibeugh"
"went on easi enough and dri to a hard materi but did not work well on the type composit i wa work with which wa an old pellet gun stock it doe state may not bond some type of materi and i guess thi wa one of them"
"i bought thi as a substitut for a lambswool mitt but thi wash mitt is too larg and it veri heavi and clumsi when wet there an inner line that prevent spin the mitt on your hand to expo the unus side becaus thi inner line cling to your handalso the microfib 34fingers34 can easilti catch on car trimi wont be use thi again to wash my car"
"i bought thi stuff and it didnt clean anyth off my chrome rim worthless crap wouldnt mind get my money back for thi red bottl of goop"
"not good for clean tub i believ the descript said it would work on tubsbathroom thi took a lot of elbow grea to do anyth i end up use thedico 541786212 nyalox cup brush 212inch blue 240 grit which work great"
"thi pump is not near as good as i wa lead to believeit leak the car wash liquid and microfib deterg so even after you are done it continu to drip make a big mess mayb it work better with someth thicker like a waxi regret my purcha and would have been better off just pour the liquid out of the contain instead"
"well at least ive never heard that befor but i will say it about thi product the jack wa unab to lift my car high enough for the 2 ton jack reccomend along with thi product so unless you have a dam even driveway get a jack that can lift a littl bit higher"
"all is good except the outlet hole is too smallit would be perfect if they made the hole bigger"
"if there are ani area that you miss and do not rin befor it dri thi soap leav major water spot and no it not my water sinc my water measur just 4070 ppm on the td scale for miner depositsth water spot can happen if you are soap the car in the sun and it is allow to dri on the car or if you simpli do not wipe down the insid of your door jam well etciv definit had better luck with other car wash soap"
"im a big fan of chemic guy product but id have to say these applic are just a wast of money and wast of time to use the most notic problem with thi poarticular product are the blue plastic sleev which hold the foam applic as seen in the product picturealmost immedi upon contact with the tirerubb surfac the foam come out of the plastic sleev and doe so repeated i tri applic with sever differ piec and it happen over and over with each of themcolor me unimpress with thi product dont wast your moneythey look nifti and fanci but they are hard that if you want qualiti chemic guy applic get the green and black contour applic which are also in thi section they are superbth ill just mark them down as an abherr"
"i am total unimpressedi ride a motorcycl and as most peopl who ride use waterless carcycl wash product all the time i have tri mani mani differ varieti and most are along the line of thi product griot garag 11285 sprayon car wash kit they leav much to be desir leav bug and road grime and leav a lessthan shini end resultthat said the towel are greatth price is 2999 for one bottl and three towel thi is far overpricedmi recommendationget the ez detail it awesom it appli even clean bug and road grime and leav a shini bike you can see it here but you can get it direct from their websit by the case that what i doez wax 579221 detail waterless clean wax 4 packi think that if you buy them from the home site they sometim send free towel with the order cyclic special offeri hope thi save you 30 buck lol"
"thi kit come with sever microfib cloth a larg jug of interior cleaner and a pretti sizabl bottl of leather care spray which wa impress but over im go to ere on the side of caution with thi particular leather kit it say it wont harm factori dy leather but after market leather is up for grab it doesnt state what the ingredi are anywh on the bottl or packag but it clear ha a veri strong alcohol and chemic smell to the like of hospit cleaner the smell dissip after about 10 minut but i wouldnt say you have a brand new leather smell afterward i have no doubt it will clean leather to within an inch of it lfe but condit leather to a suppl soft with moisturi not so muchi have not had the horror stori some may have had with it strip the leather but i believ it possibl base on the smell if you choo to tri it definit make sure you spot test an inconspicu area first and make sure your area is well ventil i think thi would work wonder if your deal with a musti or mildewi smell either way i would recommend condit lotion and not the leather care spray after clean ive tri sever leather cleaner and condit from coat and shoe accessori to blue magic to other name brand with decent result and noth that potent in smell i have to believ someth that smell that industrialalcohol laden cant be good for your leather long term"
"for thi price and qualiti and the buzz i expect more the wiper is realli like ani other out there so noth special about that especi if you treat the window with the rainx yourselfbut given it larg length it loo friction toward the tip you can see that it leav some water behindupd the wiper is loo traction and even after clean the blade it still doesnt wipe as well as it did the first day thi is bad sinc ive on use it a coupl of time in the past 3 month of purcha"
"onc winter hit and the road salt got on the blade they began caus a lot of smear i would high recommend rainx latitud but not thi"
"these wiper are noisi and leav streak i could tell they werent well made right when i took them out of the packag you get what you pay for"
"i thought thi compani wa consist with their product valu not on did i get plastic hook that i can bend with my fingertip instead of last year metal hook i found out they lower their price 3 buck 2 week after i bought thi just recentlythank for the lesson"
"i purcha thi and 1 other cargo net at the same time becaus i wa a littl worri of the potenti that one of them might be cheap and untrustworthi i wa about to ride 1600 mile on my motorcycl and didnt want to worri about my net break thank god becaus thi one is terribl youll notic that there are 2 differ net pictur on thi product page one with thick plasticlook hook and anoth pictur with veri thin metallook hook the net that arriv wa the veri thin one the packag read bicycl cargo net not what i would consid heavi duti enough to use on my motorcycl for 2 more you can find cargo net on amazon that actual are heavi dutyi find myself wonder if the posit review actual receiv the net with the thicker hooksmi recommend spend the extra coupl dollar and get the better net here oneb003m694t2"
"thi is not yellow it is clear 60 no use for exchang brake fluid in systemi want yellow or blue to see exchang fluid not possibl with thi itembewar you wil be unabl to return thi can through amazon"
"i had cloudi not yellow headlight on an rx330 bought the kit hope to get good result cloudi of the len wa partial remov to about 50 better than it wa i follow step close at the end the plastic len had more notic fine scratch than befor basic thi is a fine sandpap system it seem the final coat is just an oil base gel that make the plastic look wet and shini but i doubt it will last more than a week not fulli happi with the result on a whim i got out my novu kit 123 that i bought on amazon for plastic on my boat and around the home i gave the len a good novu 3 rub then 2 then the final polish coat novu 1 honest i think my result were much better than with the rain x kit less scratch and seem more effect i think the novu 123 kit cost around 12 but i cannot rememb as it wa a few year ago"
"either buy new light cover or deal with have dim light thi should have a travel carniv with it not worth it wouldnt use product even if it wa free"
"the carb spout is difficult to use and near worthless it on is leakproof in the extend outsid posit the spout is not leakproof when store insid the can and when remov ga drip everywh the voc or volitil organ compound permeat through the plastic over timei tri the camper fuel primu and msr bottl but they are aw expensivenow i use the empti can from the fuel south trufuel premix 501 product that i use for my 2 cycl string trimmer and lawn blowertrufuel 50fuel premix 501 2 cycl fuel 6 quart cansth can are under 6 each after sale tax at either low or home depotthey are dot approv for transport gasolin they are tin line steel so there is no voc permeat through their wallsthey come with a lock child resist safeti cap remov the cap and it pour easili into the motorcycl ga tank no funnel or carb spout is neededi do need a funnel to fill them howeverthey are one quart each carri as mani as you needbest thing is that they are free and save me have to recycl them or to put them in the trash to be place in a landfil"
"terribl qualiti these towel leav behind ton of lint and immedi began to becom threadbar after on a few month and limit use most of these towel are destroy"
"i bought thi on the recommend of review i had read on forest river owner groupfrogwebsit about protect your camper plumb when hook to shore water suppli after attach it for the first time it reduc the pressur to such a low level that there wa hard ani water come through the faucet i had to remov it to get a decent water flow perhap the shore water pressur is alreadi set at the correct pressur my camper alreadi ha a water pressur reduc built in but the valv prove useless for me wast my money"
"it leak right out of the box the littl hole on the top someon suggest it wa the diaphragm that wa protect our water line i find thi hard to believ sinc we have been setup at the same site for sever week prior to buy thi regul amazon did their part and gave me a refund i am go to email valterra just to see what they have to say for the price i had high expect"
"it doe a good job of regul water pressur i gave it a 2 star rate becaus the pressur gage quit after about 7 month after i got it call valyerra and explain the problem they said they would send me a new gage that wa 6 month ago so i email them still no respon"
"i bought thi base on all of the good review and i wa quit disappoint when i receiv the product the finish seem decent and ha good heft to it but the receiv is entir too small and it ha lot of play in the hitch furthermor where the receiv get narrow to allow for the dring to instal mine wa complet off center and uneven and ye thi is made in china"
"so thi hitchshackl is veri well construct but ha a huge flaw the edg of mine arent round over and it wont fit in my receiv i have a standard hitch receiv i think made by ree which ha a roundededg squar open not perfect squar i guess they tri to save cost by just use squar bar stock what a pita"
"unlik other review i would have to say i have been veri disappoint with thi product i have purcha two of them and one seem to be okay the second wa more than 510 psi off accur measur i check it against the first unit and a complet differ manufactur measur even the rather crude gaug on my air tank measur more accur than thi gaug at thi price the gaug should be veri accur and reliabl not the case for me"
"i use 3 can of thi low grade junk clearcoat after appli the basecoat it wa like glass when appli and finished2 hr later it wa like a satin finish looka dull shinec duplicolor for a refundstil waitingthey blow"
"i use thi product on a fender of a 2004 i knew it would not be a perfect match but thought it would be closer i probabl would have been almost as close look at the color of cap on the spray paint in walmart thi product would be better for use in a less visibl i touch up a small area under the door and that isnt bad"
"instal to the park light and fender light direct didnt match my vehicl seem like the direct were for an older model jeep wrangler i manag to get the park light cover on but not the fender signal cover need to updat your inform rug ridg"
"i got these todayand tri to put on car well guess what the hole at the attach point are way too small big surpri i would guess all these would be a standard size so bewar folk thi make them useless for me"
"it is hard to appli film your self might be better to let the profess do it i gave up after while"
"i wa abl to program the two remot i got and went through the process sever time some of the time the remot didnt transmit onc program they take sever tri right next to my truck to get them to work they wont work from ten feet away like my factori remot doe put in a fresh batteri didnt helpwhil they may work for other theyr useless for my 2009 f150 buy at your own risk"
"the moment i took these out of the packag and felt how abra they were i suspect that they would scratch alloyclear coat wheel so instead of first tri them on my 3k present instal lexani i tri them on one of my winterwheel beyern the wheel is clean alright but lo and behold that wheel now ha hundr of microfin scratch all over it the materi is just way too abra for alloyclear coat wheel it liter feel like the scrub brush we use to clean the showeranyway theyr great for clean calip so ill use them for that"
"my wheel have larg open between the spoke so i guess i didnt think out my purcha proper when buy thisif you have smaller open it may suit you but for me it just doesnt cover enough 34real estate34 for the work i have to do when i use it"
"you get what you pay for and the price on these should be 0 crack from the sun and discolor almost immedi bought a new set by adco and the differ is night and day the adco product are a bit more money but worth everi penni"
"the compani delet my review so i am repost it packag wa cheap and the whole led feel cheep and flimsi 2 out of the 8 didnt even work ye i know on one side is posit and i did flip them around veri cheap product i would honest on expect to pay about 5 for it"
"the product came in doa flip the bulb and still did not work after tri mani time i believ it is a contact problem the plastic fit wa too small in order to make a proper metal to metal contact for t10 bulb i would recommend jtech where i did not have ani problem with their similar led bulb have said that dome light bulb work fine"
"these work well but mine are veri blue not white they look kinda of white in the day light but veri blue at nightupd these start to flicker after about two month of use junk"
"ok so sinc ive purcha i had a coupl get realli hot on me and begin to smell of burn plastic and 2 which is also import is there not veri bright there ye high power but with a cheaper smd what a shame well lesson learn and superbrightl is the way to go except there alittl pricey but the smd are veri bright and wont burn"
"upon all the led light bulb ive been buy thi prove to be the most reliabl it ha a veri strong light penetr and last long though it break easili if not handl proper two of mine got broken while tri to insert them in their posit"
"ive had a lot of luck with led auto bulb off amazon these were the except i put these in my ford ranger and on 1 out of the 4 work had to return for a refund"
"veri poor madeim go to give them 2 day befor i request a refund well wait and see if they last they were instal in my licen plate and bare got them to work had to play around with the socket for them to fit im100 sure if i hit a bump theyll come loo and turn off"
"i found these light to be not quit as bright as regular 194 wherea there are plenti of 194 led replac light that are just as bright also i bought 12 of these 3 pack of 4 and three of them did not work 25 doa rate is a littl too high for my like no i did not contact the compani to get my few dollar back"
"if your rv weigh over 250 pound these will warp and give way under the weight i have a lighter fifth wheel and these dont do anyth but buckl under the weight of the trailer and sink right into whatev ground they are on even on cement pad they stink i went back to use precut hardwood plank and board and am glad i did dont wast your money on these piec of junk even the storag bag they come in is cheap flimsi and tore after one use"
"i wa realli hope that these would put out some good light but i found them to provid less light than the origin"
"i do not own these and never will for good reasonani bulb with a blue tint to it will have signific lower light output it best just to use regular clear one rather than these with a blue tint to the glass"
"first of all there is a slight differ in light output whiter than normal but to get that whiter look your gonna have to go to the 5000k diamond vision rang which turn out to be illeg here in australia best to check on your local law the beam output length is the same as oem and thi becom shorter as you go whiter in light these light are pretti much for look although whiter light ha more clariti you sacrif beam length for whiter light inten hid howev are the oppositeit is true what peopl have said about the life of these bulb they have none think of your normal oem bulb then reduc the life of that bulb by 75 that is pretti much all you can expect out of these dont be surpri if they blow after go over bump in the road ive been experi with a few bulb out there although phillip do make veri good long life bulb in the 3300k light offer 120 longer beam these whiter bulb 4000k 6000k just dont last and will end up cost you a fortun in replacementsosram bulb are much more durabl from what i have found still on my first set of osram nightbreak unlimit have last me 8 month and they do have a 20 whiter light ratinglet get seriou if you realli crave that white light for your car research hid xenon kit i know the white light is cool but be sensibl and kind to your back pocket unless you have cash to burn"
"i wa extrem care with instal these bulb but upon test out the bulb i found out that one of bulb might have been damag upon remov the bulb i had found out that bulb wa coat with weird materi i have instal and remov a larg number of bulb so i do not think it relat to instal issuenow i am stuck with one usabl bulb out of two"
"these are not hid like they are not even id without the hthey are not whiter not brighter and not even better than stockdont wast your time on theseth other rate you read here must have been paid for move on and dont buy these i just save you 30 buck"
"which is true if i wa chang the fog light while order the high beam the configur guid suggest these as low beam not veri good symmetri when obviou i wa replac high beam headlight not my fog light seem well made and great packag and amazon wa great about take back"
"dont wast your money on these bulb i instal them in my grand prix and saw no improv just a dent in my wallet dont fall into the hype like i did"
"i wa look forward to brighter vision especi on some 2lane blacktop highway that i travel realli disappoint with these bulb as they dont seem ani better than the origin light in my 98 ford f150 in order to get better vision i final instal halogen drivingfog light and that solv the problem i do not recommend these bulb not worth the extra money"
"my last set of bulb from sylvania were brighter than these and last 5 month longer the four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint"
"im tri them one more time then that it we bought these last juli now 13 month later one burnt out they put out great light at night but have a life of on a year is pathet mayb i got a bad one becaus on one burnt out and no it wa not from touch the bulb when i instal ani auto light i do it with a fresh pair of clean glove on my hand to prevent skin oil transfer i will tri them one more time and then move on to a differ bulb if they burn out in such a short time again"
"these are a great deal to replac stock bulb but if you are expect whiter light dont bother with these i instal the philip bulb in one side to compar with the stock no differ what so ever trust me these are not ani whiter color than stock"
"eh i have a 2005 acura rsx and these light look ident to the stock headlight in the car wouldnt recommend these as they dont seem brighter or anyth of the sort wast of money in my opinion"
"i know these are tricolor so depend on what angl you are at in front of them they yellow is too domin i have veri white led fog light and they make these headlight look like yellow fog they are bright enough to light up the road but next time ill get a whiter bulb"
"i purcha thi for my 2003 silverado 1500 as recommend i also purcha the updat thermostat hous as gm updat it for 0405 model everyth went perfect with the instal until i put the thermostat on i had the torqu wrench set to 15 lb as requir and the first bolt head broke off befor even get to the tq spec i then had to remov the part go to a local part store and pickup a nongm part sad when i instal the waterpump thi time i reus the factori bolt everyth is fine nowsad that i went threw the effort to by the gm canadian part as oppo to chine on to find that they includ some cheap bolt made of tin"
"thi hitch is a complet po the pin box the 234 receiv box wa weld in crook it wa so bad i could tell immedi with the nake eye upon test fit i verifi how crook the receiv wa with a level it wa off at least a 1434 absolut no excus for thi poor workmanshipeven for a chinesemad product mount a trailer to thi hitch would have been unsafei learn my lesson no more will i opt for the cheapest price item rug ridg should be asham of themselv for allow thi unit to be sold with their name on it"
"i orderd at least 4 none work until the final tryit work but ha no intal help like other have they all had bad disc"
"so i bought thi for my 2011 jk it doe not fit like it should in my opinion ye i had to remov the bar under the seat no big deal but i had to loosin up my front to seat bolt just to slide thi thing in an im 58 so i ride with my seat like half way back aan thi stick out like 35 inch out from under my seat an i couldnt push it back anymor due to the frame part of the seat i mean i still instal it an it hold my glock 23 perfect an there plent of room for more stuff i almost wish it wasnt so deep my pistol slide to the back an i have to reach my hand in there to get it the drawer on open up 12 way so the other 8 inch is a mysteri thing could easliy turn intop a pain to get out"
"i purcha a set of these for my 2013 subi outback26 driver 19 passeng even though amazon fitment said it wouldnt fit and they fit perfect ive read all the review about the wiper not make contact with the center of the windshield but as far as my outback goe they make full contact all the way across and are veri quiet i just got home liter an hour ago after drive in sever weather consist of a mixtur of ice sleet and snow and im veri happi with the perform im not sure how long they will last but i hope to get at least a winter season out of them in my opinion these blade might be better suit for windshield that are design with veri littl curvatur i also have a 2001 chevi malibu and on mani occa over the year ive had to be veri select when purcha blade becaus of the inward curv of the windshield so whi on 4 star dont know how long they will last if i get a full season out of then ill updat my scoreupd 6282013 i had to remov these wiper from my subaru outback after a few month becaus they start make lot of noi while in the rain i tri clean the blade multipl time and noth work they continu to clean effect but the contact noi wa not toler they are also slight shorter than oem and it wa caus my onboard colli avoid system eyesight to disabl dure rain becaus it would not clear len area effect i reinstal the oem wiper and all is well from now on ill stick to subaru oem wiper"
"put thi on my 2005 toyota priu and it worthless doesnt touch the windscreen in the center 23 inch thi leav a big wet streak right in your field of view stand still or a t highway speed no differ"
"thi wiper did not fit a 2006 cadillac st even thought it say it doe the adapt did not work"
"these had no effect and did noth on the led light i bought and on the one i alreadi had veri poor product i wire them up just as the instruct said so i had to send these and the bulb back becaus they flash to fast"
"im a car guy who use to own a custom detail shop and who ha hi car detail regular so im go to be a harsh critic of thi type of productthi is not a kit that you would keep in your glovebox for quick cleanup in fact it doesnt even includ ani cloth thi is realli just a trial pack with 2oz of five of their product probabl intend to get you to buy larger quantitiesth product areal purpo spraywindow clear spraydashboard protect spraycarpet upholsteri sprayleath care creamthey all work ok not great but they are also all scent some are lemonorang scent other are lavend scent all smell pretti bad in my opinion if i walk out of my detail shop after pay a few hundr buck and my car smell like thi i would not be happymi on real concern wa the leather care it seem to be veri oili and not realli like leatheriqu saddl soap or other product i usethi stuff might be ok for 90 of peopl drive around in ordinari car but if you are someon who realli pay attent to car detail you actual own an orbit polish thi is probabl not for you"
"my review basic say it all i did not have a chip i had a spider web crack about 1 inch by 1 inch thi did noth for it"
"thi product is ok but to be honest it can on fix a crack mayb 13 of a size of a penni i use it and it wa quit useless for the crack on my windshield i even bought two and basic you can on use it onc and that is it then it is useless i cannot recommend it base on my experi but if you have a tini tini tini tini crack that doe not even requir fix thi mayb your solut"
"thi stuff didnt work at all the intruct were a bit hard to understand but onc figur out the product wa a piec of garbag anyway didnt realli make a differ if anyth made the problem wor"
"not near as bright as other ive seen the origin incandesc light assembl wa a lot brighterth gasket doe not fit snugg in the hole open allow the light to just sit loo in it it would eventu fall out i wa abl to use my origin gasket but again the bright is the main issu should be twice as bright"
"use thi kit wa a lot easier than i expect and the result were pretti amaz it wa definit a bit of a mess but well worth it i honest think it took about as long to mask off the headlight with blue painter tape as it took to do the headlight sand and buf the sandpap handl couldv been better as mine broke apart onc i wa done with the first sand stage make sure to appli the uv protect about onc a month or your headlight plastic will mostlik start to suffer againedit 1514 sinc my origin review the headlight are now back to their old yellowi gross appear thi wa after method applic of the uv protect id say over the likenew appear last for just over two month what a letdown"
"as titl say i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it would probabl work better on older paint meguiar should have specifi in the descript that thi product is not recommend for good condit surfacesi do not recommend thi one"
"thi should have post the gaug for the wire which would help decid if it will work for you i would recommend do more research befor purcha"
"these are just too thin to hold much remov wax and if your go to do the job proper youll find yourself chang pad a dozen time while do the whole car easier to just use some good microfib towel and hand buff"
"if you want bonnet with the textur of a use kitchen towel and like to add swirlscratch to your car than thi is the product for you it is by far the worst qualiti i have seen thi isnt even microfib or clear coat safe i can find softer materi to use on my car at a 99 cent store the blue pad are serious the same materi the dentist use as a bib for patient it feel like a cheap plastic sheet of foam and the white buf pad feel like a dri up use rag you would use for clean kitchen counter dont wast your money on thi cheap repres shame on you turtlewax for allow such garbag product to be under your name brand"
"i on got to check it out a a coupl second when i touch it to the contact in my truck dome light it wa a bright clean light definit what i wa look for but when i wa instal it one of the contact snap off the circuit board the end contact are on attach via solder connect and it didnt take much for that to break look like ill just get a regular incandesc bulb from an auto part place disappoint"
"i bought thi main for charg my appl laptop and it didnt work i never tri it for anyth el so i cant comment on whether it work for other applic i wa disappoint becaus i thought for sure that thi one would work after tri other with lower wattag i end up send it back"
"the first thing i notic wa that there wasnt a seal around the len to the hous and that let water into the hous after the first rain stormth second problem wa that the left one develop a crack in the len and there is no visibl sign of impactth third thing wa that the light shake when go over bump and that is do to lite and weak plasticth fourth thing is the bulb are not halogen and produc a yellow light instead of whitei end up buy anoth lamp from anoth compani and that whi i can compar the qualiti of both lampsi of cour have instal these light to find all of the imperfect and can not return them so i am out of 50 buck buyer bewar"
"asphault smell to it stunk up the car a lot also rather thin so not optim for coverag spend the extra money on stinger roadkil product ha zero smell is much thicker and doesnt cost that much more anyon who done these instal know the pain is get your innard out to access the sheet metal whi go through that and instal someth substandard on point would be to have thi appli to somewh ventil like outsid of the interior of a car or industri useedit thi start fall off some panel dure winter with temp routin in the 30 i have to lower the rate anoth notch junki"
"got thi to keep my lawn mower maintain i keep it outsid most the year and wa surpri to read that thi product is not intend for outdoor use call the compani and they explain thi product is design to be use insid a vehicl kind of defeat the purpo of thi product"
"i am rate the product one star to draw attent to my review the blade itself is good the materi construct and water remov are all good i tri the c19ub on the passeng side of my gs350 and it work as well as the 24 factori one on the driver side the anco blade is mold with a spoiler which make it similar in appear to the factori wiper of the gs350 which is the holder and the refil assembl if i were to rate the product id rate it 3 star for the high cost not justifi by ani addit benefit over the factori blade refillth two point i want to make are1 attent must be paid to letter oe or ub at the end of the blade model i suggest use the amazon fit guid at the top of the product page or visit anco websit to find specif model that will fit your vehicl i order c20oe and c26oe from amazon vine which did not have the benefit of the amazon fit guid for the 2009 toyota highland and they do not fit i order oe blade think oe stood for origin equip my famili own and previous own toyotalexu car and i am on familiar with the cane handl type of a windshield wiper arm anco oe blade will not fit thi type of connector addit the product descript say that the blade ha an oestyl spoiler so it is even more confus what oe in the model number refer to anyway toyota and lexu have a cane handl type wiper arm and on blade model end in ub will fit thi connector2 i think these replac blade are just too expen i usual buy wiper blade refil at the dealer for about ten dollar for two these blade cost two to three time that depend on the avail of a rebat i tri a c19ub alongsid with the factori 24 blade on my gs350 and i did not find anco blade to clean the windshield ani better than the factori blade doe on one of my previou car i tri valeo 900 ultim blade similar to anco contour i had the same opinion that although these replac blade work well they do not work better than factori refil and their high cost make them unapp to me i do not find that at 23 time the cost of factori refil these blade work 23 time better"
"may 5 2013 updat well these wiper blade are a massiv disappoint within two month they began chatter and skip in the center of the blade on my windshield thi is unaccept in a wiper blade sometim chatter can happen becaus someth get on the windshield oil or the like not the case thi time the center part of the blade ha deform the wiper blade portion ha develop a fold over it lay over on an angl from press against the windshield ive never seen a wiper blade go bad thi fast or skip in the center of the blade chatter normal happen at the end of the bladethi 28 inch blade wa instal on a 2012 ford focu driver side replac a near 1 year old oem blade the passeng side blade wa not replac a good test for side by side comparison both blade are 28 inch on thi car the oem blade is a frameless blade just like thi anco when i return the origin blade to the car there wa no chatter or skip thi anco blade may work on other car or in shorter length but it flat is a bad blade in thi length on thi carth origin review post in april 2013anco contour wiper blade are excel bracket less wiper the blade instal easili and clear my windshield quiet and streak freei like these blade a lot better than the compar bosch blade for certain car a frame style blade is a better choic in that case i like michelin stealth and valeo betterthi 28 inch blade instal fair easili on my 2012 ford focu the packag includ four differ clip for differ applic choo the correct clip wa a minor pain anco clip dont look much like the ford clip i wa replac these contour wiper blade are a univ style blade they have no attach clip connect perman to them instead there is a hole with a rai ring on both side of the blade the correct clip for your car is snap over those two ring person i would rather have someth attach to the blade i understand it make it easier to manufactur a univ connectorth tini instruct sheet wa not terribl use it wa a seri of photograph and draw tri to illustr the differ kind of clip it took me a few minut to deciph those pictur when it come time to chang thi blade i will be confus the origin ford clip ha two veri clear mark button to relea the blade the anco ha a goofi look arrow that ha to be wrestl over a tab whi couldnt anco simpli replic the two squeez buttonsthi blade ha a realli larg spoiler over the spine the spoiler is design to catch the wind while drive down the highway to keep the blade press against the windshield the flap or spoiler is kind of ug and a lot taller than the ford oem blade that flap doe contact the wiper arm without affect perform of the wipernot great mount instruct and univ clip asid thi blade perform realli well a 28 inch blade is huge and is prone to chatter and streak the anco blade doe an excel job of clear my windshieldfor some car thi bracket less or frameless wiper blade is not the best arrang these tend to be older car with more vertic windshield the frameless blade dont work at all on rear window wiper for my 2002 buick rendezv i have found through way too much trial and error that classic wiper with a frame are the best way to go michelin make an outstand stealth blade that ha the frame enclo with a plastic frame for a rear window wiper there is no better than valeo blade the extra forc and slim aerodynam profil make these blade stick to the rear window wind come over the roof top will tri to lift the blade from the window if there is a spoiler on the bladeover anco ha an excel windshield wiper blade at a good price"
"i tri to instal thi on my 08 suburban and it doesnt have the right type of adapt includ the 08 and 09 suburban have differ wiper attach and although the part finder say thi work it doe not i even had sever other peopl look at it includ a mechan and we all came to the conclus that either the adapt is miss or thi is the wrong type for my vehicl live in raini florida i replac my blade frequent and anco is the first product that ha been not compat"
"a few of the review were spot on about the major flaw the biggest be you have to touch a button for it to do anyth that is simpli terribl i bought thi think the bosch name would mean someth but it doe not mean good in thi case not sure whi they even develop thi product i use thi for one of my classic car and as other have said if the power is interrupt you are back to squar one and have to push a button terribl design and think on their part i high recommend the ctek version instead ive been use it for year and it brought back batteri that my regular 2amp15amp couldnt that impressiveedit the ctek 3300 is a far superior devic for the same money ive been tri to use the bosch to get my camaro batteri charg without success for the last two week i hook up the ctek yesterday and 4 hour later the car start and wa driveabl the other advantag of the ctek is the memori for know last state so if there is power loss it come back to same place it wa also onc it done charg it goe into mainten mode automat exact how a product like thi should workctek multi us 3300 12volt smart batteri charger"
"have some experi with spray detail i had an idea what to expect basic some gloss a slick surfac and shortterm protect there is some controversi regard whether water bead is a sign of good protect but i wont get into that what water bead or sheet doe accomplish is it at least show the presenc of productth anoth way to show presenc of a car waxseal that a car detail show me year ago and that the steam test it doesnt measur protect per se it just show the presenc of a product so you can see how uniform it cover an area how easili it come off etc basic you coat some product onto a bathroom mirror and allow steam to build up in the room area of the mirror coat in waxseal will have a uniform layer of steam that is differ from untreat area it wont repel steam the barrier caus tini water droplet to build up uniform appear as if there is more steam there you can tri it yourself and see what i meani bring thi up becaus after notic that the v7 just didnt seem to do as much as other similar spray the gloss wa fair but not veri good and i didnt notic the extra water bead that other spray detail provid at least short term i want to see what it wa leav behind i did the test use the v7 along side a coupl other spray detailersth result surpri me the area treat with v7 left veri littl behind with some streak of presenc i also appli some meguiar uqw and turtl wax ice both of which show solid coverag and the tw had remark durabl to remov incid when i appli two more coat of v7 over it area it began to show more sign of coverag confirm my result thi appear to be an extrem watereddown detail high in alcohol so that it flash evapor quick it came complet off with a bit of soapi water wherea the other product actual were rather stubborn to removei give it two star becaus as a quick detail it fine it will clean off fine dust and fingerprint and leav a wee bit of shine in the gallon size the valu is fair but 18 or so per bottl is silli see as how it ha just about zero sealant properti and even the shine it leav is inferior to some 8 spray wax heard that cg is hit and miss with their product but v7 is gener regard as one of the hit in my experi it is not mayb they make some good stuff but thi isnt it i dont want to judg the compani by one product so ill give anoth one of their product a tri probabl i gotta say they do a realli good job with graphic design on their packag especi the vintag line i digress"
"way too expen for a such low qualiti product i justgong to use my regular product thu dont order thi"
"find a good dye and perfumefr deterg and wash your towel in it thi stuff seem to work ok on my foam polish pad but i wa abl to achiev the same if not better result by use 409 i dont see ani differ at all in use thi to wash my microfib stuff"
"i must not have a real applic for thi i use it jan 2013 on the window mirror and windshield of a 2000 silverado that had never been windshieldclay and it didnt appear to pull up anyth i use wolfgang clay lube and follow the direct but didnt see ani differ i fold the clay onc just to see if there wa a color or textur differ on the clay surfac and i couldnt detect ani not sure whether my glass wa old enough to use thi lol or just the wrong applic i do like chemic guy product to remov water spot but you need to use your da on it and i wa hope that thi could get me part there without all the effort"
"the bristl on the brush are basic strand of stiff plastic and i have not found it to do ani clean at all around the lug nut save your money"
"i wa expect someth that i could push onto my lug nut and twist and the lug nut would come clean but the bristl seem to weak mayb i got the wrong thing but thi isnt for me and it just gonna sit in my shed"
"i have wash these towel sever time and i cannot get them to stop shed like a dog they are wonder soft thick and plush but they just keep shed fiber like mad"
"i bought sever led light for my rv to test them out and thi one wa way too blue for my tast bright for the lower number of led it ha but the light doesnt match my other bulb and look unnatur to me"
"thi is no better than scotch tape i thought it wa go to be a flexibl fabric type product instead it is like a plastic tape that doesnt stay stuck i do not recommend thi product it a wast of money"
"i first wash the awn with soap and water and then use aceton to remov ani unseen film after appli the tape stuck for a few minut and then peel off admitted thi is strong but if on it would have stuck i wouldv been happi it may me that my awn wa too porou sinc it wasi old if you have a newer awn you might get lucki and it will adher"
"after 15 month in the sun it rot out not made for outsid awn as advert do not buy thi junk"
"got four of these and two of them dont worksend them back i would buy them somewh elseth are veri short and not that bright anyway"
"did not see anyth wrong or damag on the unit when it deliv so i mount the part that is when thing becam appar that it might be an unanticip problem the first thing i notic after mount it and close the hood wa that the design of the unit wa go to exagg a problem with the hood on the highway or heavi headwind the jeep hood alreadi ha a slight issu with catch wind and bounc up and down but the design of thi unit ha the deflector jut straight out befor curv upward thi creat an even larger point to catch wind and creat drag forc the hood to jump even wor and at lower speed so you tend to be watch the hood movement even more than normal second issu i had with the part wa the qualiti of the form at least with my part onc insid the jeep i notic that the right side look lower so i check the mount and everyth wa exact the same as the left side check closer it wa appar that the right side wa slight misform it had more bend than the right so that the top of the deflector wa lowerclo to the hood than the left ye it is quit notic from insid the vehicl but not a huge issu over i am consid just remov it and not have it on the wrangler"
"thi bulb is not 31mm it more like 33mm thi is veri import to know it not that bright though buy agt advanc german techolog thi is more like a cheap chine knock off"
"it worth the money even though it is sent with some hardwar that in no way fit my bikei had it reupholst and use differ hardwar to attach itwhybecaus i didnt pay much for it and it look great and give me what i want get away from saddl bag"
"never went into maintain mode after two day alway charg and that when i test with a vtvm the batteri fulli charg from use of the car start at 135 vdc took the charger off when the voltag at the batteri reach 1475 vdc and wa still rise look nice but thi one appear to be malfunct return to amazon"
"fail just after the time limit for return item to amazonth switch to select 6 or 12v is weak and easili move by accidentth schumach sem1562aca also sold by amazon is the same price automat sen whether it charg a 6 or 12v batteri no switch and ha indic that are easier to read and give more inform it also claim to have a desulf mode i purcha the schumach at about the same time and it ha been work without faulti would not purcah thi product again depend on cost and resist encount the thing may get return or trashedupd 325 two month after call on the phone get an author and send in the dead unit for a warranti replac noth ha arriv not on is the product defect but it seem the compani is as well i will avoid their brand and their hold compani and all of it brand as much as possibl"
"i use thi onc to charg a new batteri it work fine for thati left the batteri on the charger over the winter month and the batteri wa dead come that spring"
"the bd bm3b batteri charger is 34ok34 but i prefer a true smart batteri charger it work and provid good mainten charg but never stop charg the batteri which can overcharg ani batteri quick addit i bought thi pass on good experi with other bd product but thi charger is not made by bd a china compani just licen the name too bad"
"i happen across these while look for someth el they look promisingth pro reason price at 641 with free ship when i bought 2 of these metal free heavi spong with a microfib cover sure grip handl cone shape measur 112 on the end 212 on the handl side the clean area is approxim 8 long from the tip to where the handl startsth con weve use these twice now the wide end seem to be a bit too wide for our vehicl the microfib cover need to be remov to squeez the water out of the spong the microfib cover need to be remov to be launder when i turn the cover insid out i wa surpri there on a singl row of stitch which im go to say will fail short the microfib ha alreadi fray back to the stitch if these hold up ill consid increa my product rating9658 updat may 25 2014today i notic the handl specif the rod that insert into the spong on one of the two i purcha is loo the handl ha a long rod that is press into the spong is secur with glu i pull it off to see what go on the rod wa glu sparing in on 2 place the glue place toward the end had fail i reappli glue to see if i could secur the handl rod back in the spongethi is veri annoy after on 2 use ive drop my product rate from 3 to 2 out of 5 star"
"thi wa a 34eh give it a shot34 purcha and i alreadi regret the purcha the tip of the wand is come apart and it realli doesnt make the clean of a rim or wheel easier"
"i purcha thi product through amazoncom and while i wa do some shop at walmart i happen to find thi product at a lower price than amazon wa sell it atbut anyway i use the product on my brand new set of toyota headlight assembl and i mean toyota headlight assembl not some cheap knock offsblu magic 7306 headlight len sealer 8 ozth product doe not live up to it namewhat a wast of time and money buy thi productif you want to keep your headlight assembl as new as possibl i suggest buy turtl wax blue icey could appli the wax to hot headlight assembl no need to find a shadi area to appli best product on the market to keep your headlight look nice and clear"
"i could not rate thi product as it open up in shipment and the bottl wa complet empti i wa sure glad it wa wrap in anoth plastic bag which held about 12 of the liquid the rest wa aborb by the over size back it wa ship in"
"thi product doesnt even make a good boat anchor im it return asap it wa a failur to launch it never workedth wire instruct if you can call them that were horribl ive seen better stick men drawn im a licen electrician and thi one wa a puzzler even for meth good thing it wa made with the cheapest compon known to man which help the environ due to the lack of need part it save on weight for shippingth best part wa get it all instal and wait for the magic moment to have new light on my truckflip the switch and they say life is full of disappoint and thi is definit one of them"
"split the first time i use it and i have a 2516 ball save your money and find anoth manufactur for your ball cover need"
"these relay arent the best in the world i purcha 2 one for my reg headlight and one for my fog one out of the two wa bad befor i even got it in my car the other one went out 3 month down the line had to purcha some nicer more expen one so my light turn on"
"thi product claim to restor black trim and last for two week lol just wet it make it look new again so spit would work as good as thi stuff if you have car wax or car polish on the plastic trim especi dull plastic trim it is veri difficult to remov an old trick is to just put armor all on it that make it look black for at least two week the best solut is to use denatur alcohol be care not to get it onto your paint on a cotton swab or cloth rub and dri then put some armor all origin on there and your good to go for way longer than two week been do it for year on my 1990 camri and it work everi time"
"these suck i bought 2 of these for my car and on one of them work the one that did work wa blind and made the vehicl look tackywould not recommend"
"simpl quick reviewth work great for interior light if you have the roomthey are veri big so make sure you have the room befor you put them inthey have metal contact on the back of the led panel that can and do short out if you have a metal back in your interior light avoid themgreat light out put if they work in your light fixtureb care they are easi to break if forceda littl expen but should last for year if you have the right light fixtur"
"better understand now what you can do repair and what not if you are tri to mend a tear or rip just simpli forget it"
"will not buy again tooo small of amount and margin perform"
"product work great for three day then that wa it seem like a good product at first but definit cant recommend"
"but then after about 4 month of use it just complet stop work so i would definit not buy again"
"i bought thi led pack specif becaus of the agt brand what arriv are gener led in a singl pack not the 2 per agt bag see photo ye sure the bulb work and they do what i want and they are as technic describ 10x 194 168 2825 5smd white high power led car light bulb but they arent agt10 x wedg type bulb by agt packag 2 per plastic bag agt brand led bulb are known for use superior smd bulb that perform and last 2x longer than competitor led bulb be awar of seller sell nonagt brand bulb there are cheaper modul on the market they may substitut agt bulb never ship from chinahmmm surenot that you will find these are not a tight fit in the holder like the origin incandesc bulb and you need to tri variou bulb until you get a reason fit time will tell how long these cheap presum chine bulb lastunfortun amazon seem to be use more and more untrustworthi sourc"
"thi bulb doe not emit the light i wa hope for i suppo if i had more experi with led i could have pick a better bulb"
"new review after about 34 yearal of the lamp that were instal have develop flicker or have just gone out the vendor readili replac the first 23 that stare flicker within 2 week by now the rest have start flicker and one or two are complet darkthey seem fine if they are not on fulltim one in the parkinglicen light are the first to fail then the overhead dome light the best one remain are in the door on on when that door is open the dome light last until one day i had the door open for an hour or so while clean then a coupl of those start flickeringi havent contact the vendor again i dont rememb what the warranti is no sen in go through the troubl to get more of these just to have them faili suspect they are not run an adequ resistor if ani intern instead push for maximum output which rai temp and lower lifespanoh well may just go back to incandescent1 light qualiti typic slightblu led output they are brighter than incandesc in a nonfocus hous like a dome light and accept for clear marker light licen light etc veri happi with these in interior and puddl light and dome light they throw a lot of flood light in a focus len they are about the same as a filament bulb just not as much pinpoint focus2 bulb qualiti it a solid bulb that is a littl tight to instal but even in realli tight socket they did not break on me they run a littl warm in alwayson use so im not sure what to expect from them longterm of the 12 i have instal 2 have had one element each bulb ha five start to flicker the flicker would stop if i press on it the vendor ha quick replac the bulb and ha said theyll provid 90 day warranti thi work for me3 price 10 for 10 led bulb is reason keep in mind at thi price while some may have given me troubl the cost is no more than incandescent4 im give 5 star becaus the vendor and the low price make up for the problem ive seen so far it a neat product and afford to experi withedit dock one star to 4 aft a few month half of these have lost sever led element"
"i instal these in my 5th wheel rv and they work great i went in at the end of the summer and turn them on all of them are blink and some are complet off the circuit board cannot handl summer temperatur in a hot rv do not buy for rv usag unless you will on be in cooler climat"
"updat 09032013i just bought a bed rail kit for my truck and need to remov these from the stake hole to instal the rail 1 crack the plastic immedi as i press down on the screw of the 8 screw i attempt to remov 7 strip the head and 1 actual had back itself out befor i even got to it i end up crack the plastic off of them in order to get them out the aluminum block that lock the tie down in place had corrod and lock the screw in the block i like them when they were in there but thi just ruin it for me there 50 just gonein impressionsveri satisfi with thi product i am use them on an 05 dodg 2500 these kind of jingl a littl when drive etc but im not annoy by it at all my swingca tool box make far more noi they seem durabl and well made under load they will shift in the stake hole so theyr not line up proper no biggi just move them back"
"novemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is a year these are on a 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper blade all last over a year as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth replac blade i purcha thi time are michelin a hybrid wiper classic frame with full blade coveragemichelin 5022 stealth wiper blade 22 pack of 1the origin reviewth bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to a part counter and ask for a 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is a part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir a lot of car have two blade that are a differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also a and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual a clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack a windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang a lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is a direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about a year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me a moment to remov the old blade in a year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is a good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use a spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid a slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that a wiper blade last for a good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76522 assur black 22 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"the bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installnovemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is a year these are on a 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to a part counter and ask for a 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is a part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir a lot of car have two blade that are a differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also a and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual a clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack a windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang a lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is a direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about a year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me a moment to remov the old blade in a year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is a good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use a spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid a slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that a wiper blade last for a good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76524 assur black 24 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"i use thi to recharg an iphon and laptop and it work veri well the fan turn on under load and is notic but not a big deal sinc the radio and road noi in my car drown it out the invert is so small that a fan is a must to keep it cool advantag to thi unit are it small size which can fit in most compart in a car lightweight rel inexpen and easi to connect and use it also ha a 21 amp usb port that is veri handi to charg the phone or ipod the neg is the noi of the fan and the unit must be unplug from the power port in the car to turn it offthi is a veri use and easi to use invert it can also be attach direct to the batteri for heavier load but i did not test that capabilityupd 12913 the power invert plug no longer work the electr connect is intermit if i move the wire it connect and then disconnect indic a bad intern connect thi invert is just not durabl enough for me to recommend it i have deduct 2 star"
"never got it to workno help or support with softwareso i sent it back to get my money backthey should not sell crap that dont work"
"i had thi obd scanner for month befor recent have need to use it when my chevi duramax truck engin light went on i instal the softwar on a window 7 laptop and made the connect to thi bluetooth devic not a good instal program is provid the user need to know how to go into window and see which com port are be use to connect to bluetooth otherwi the setup will failth scanner read one dtc number but that wa it when i took the truck to the chevi dealer their code scanner came back with 6 error code glad the dealer mechan wa a good one and fix everi one of the 6 problem which includ replac one of the two nox sensorsveri unimpress with a scanner that miss 5 of 6 dtc code better to spend more and get one that will provid all the inform"
"tri it on two vehicl need to be reset by unplug and or restart my app a bit of a pain as i wa be cautiou and shut down the pickup and restart also did not read fuel set on my silverado that did work on doge ram 2500 it would be better to get a more expen devic that work and that can be updat"
"you expect clone to be qualiti realli whylet me list whi they are poor1 hand solder and bad done in mani case bad connect inside2 use a 5vdc power regul chip that is not ani good at all in car noisi environ nor did they add filter to protect thi weak chipthat is whi it die after work the car ac clutch cycl can blow up the 78 seri reg in side in 110th second a fact3 the processor and op code for the chip firmwar wa stolen for the canada compani that invent copyright it a hard cold factth real maker of the chip is here ask themhttpelmelectronicscomobdichtml4 the app softwar too wa stolen if you look close and see what you have you will find out it and illeg version of an american compani softwarec them and ask they will make your ear burn the maker look them up and ask themnow those are the fact and it is a cloney do get what you pay for when buy clone anythingif you had bought a real one it might stay workingh is the real tool and they do speak english and do take call and do have a help forum dahth real tool is herehttpwwwscantoolnetscantoolssmartphonethat be said i have 4 top brand scan tool but if you buy 3 of these clone for 17 on ani sunday one might work i have 3 but expect zero to workmi last one fail for bad solder insid im an electron tech retir and diagno it and repair itth next one that die i found the 7805 chip blown to bit that chip dont belong in car unless you know how to make it work filtersi do have a fix for it use a tv chip on the input of the reg it work greather is that 1 chip the cloner cant clone or want to buy on 50 cent in thousandshttpwwwdigikeycomproductdetailensmdj22casmdj22cactnd2409345that is the truth"
"thi seem to be work fine for me use the torqu app on androidissu i have foundth devic mac address is gener and can caus issu with multipl deviceshav to enter the password for the devic everi time the app is shutdown"
"never work right out of the box torqu would constant say faulti reader until 2 week later it larg stop work it would on send updat onc everi 5 secondsnot accept sent it back got a refund from amazon step up to the nongen scantool there appear to be sever differ copi of thi design float around here and ebay they all probabl come from the same factori in china and chang the sticker with their logo"
"would not connect from my 2005 dodg ram diesel to a toshiba a100 or a tmobil g2 with the torqu app"
"i bought thi for a 2012 jeep wrangler it fit great and doesnt slide around howev the black dye use fade fast it had fade to a dark reddishbrown about 5 month after put it on and that wa dure a time where i had my hard top on so it wasnt get barrag by uv raysi will look elsewh when it is time to replac it"
"doesnt fit well at all everi time you lift the consol it come off dont wast your money or time tri to make it work"
"the decal i receiv wa no where as clear as the imag shown on amazon it look great if you are 5 feet away otherwi it look like you are look at a snapshot of an 8bit video game veri low resolut ill post a pictur here soonupd i have taken the imag off my car sinc sever peopl have alreadi made comment about the imag resolut i contact decal kingz to tell them the product wa defect and want my money back they declin sinc i wa 5 day past the 30day return marks my imag for detail httpwwwamazoncomgpcustomermediaproductgalleryb005ol7k4erefcmciupdpimages2ieutf8index2isremote0"
"i bought thi think i want veri accur gaug one it is veri hard to coupl to the schrader valv to you i have found the accuraci to be question compar to other gaug"
"the rear of the meter is expo and veri sensit to the elment the panel fell apart as i tri to instal it i do not understand whi they do not instal it into a plastic box even to be use in a panel a box would make it easier and less fragil to handl"
"bolt on easi enough like other have mention it isnt 34level34 and your antenna will tilt furthermor ani antenna i would have use wouldnt have clear the stock jeep spare tire so i had to make a modif anoth bracket to mount to thi one if i had to do it over again i would have just made my own bracket in the begin"
"the say you get what you pay for fit thi is an expen solut to protect your door from chip how it work is you put a strip of semiadh materi along the edg of your door it not like pack tape but more rubberi the problem with thi is ye it will protect the edg of your door from paint flake off if you ding it howev thi wont protect your door from dent or larger ding like the thicker rubber trim will that you can buy so ye thi will work to keep the paint in place and provid a bit of protect but in my opinion thi realli isnt worth the money it provid too littl protectioni appli it to a honda ridgelin truck i have 4 door and on got one set so 2 door are protect 2 are not it import you clean both the front edg and back side of the door where the film stick otherwi it will fall offonc appli the film blend so you can hard see it onnow i am not go to ding my door to test thi but from initi inspect it doesnt look like it doe much good it like put lamin piec of paper on your stomach and then get hit you are still go to feel it it still go to damag but it will soften the blowa littleit a nice idea but for me thi should be market as a as seen on tv item for those late night tv shopper it a novelti item to give you the illus of protect if you want real protect you need someth thicker and more substanti"
"i bought thi bag due to the high rate i receiv the bag yesterday and not realli amaz by it it say leather shell but i doubt it it doesnt feel or look like a real leather to me it look a lot rougher than it show in the pictureth origin plan wa to put it on the fork on my 04 vtx1300c but it doesnt work i dont blame the bag becaus it clear state that it is for handl bar but the bag is pretti big to go on the handl bar i could easili put an arizona ice tea can in it with some extra space so i end up put it on the back of the sissi barpro big sturdi low pricecon veri stiff like plastic stiffupd 9172013after use it for about 15 mile on the sissi bar it scratch the pain of my fender becaus of the hard materi they call leather see the pictur that i put up"
"dont purcha thi item the strap that hold it to your handlebar are so thin you find your tool bag fli away also dont place item in thi bag you want there is no way to secur it from anybodi from open it unless you wrap it with a chain and lock go to your nearest motorcycl store and purcha your money worth and know you stuff is secur when you are away from your bike"
"i order thi vest in xl it say xl but it size so small it actual is a medium if your go to order thi vest make sure the size you order is three time what you normal wear order larger i order it so i can wear a hoodi under it and there is no way it would ever fit"
"vest wa well made howev the xl size i order wa more like a medium i normal wear size larg so i figur i would order an xlg and have some extra room for winter shirt thi thing fit like a medium cant even snap it lucki i had a friend that want it"
"i love the qualiti and construct of thi vest howev the size are not true at all they dont just run small they run ridicul small i mean a 4xl is too small for someon who wear xl my 4xl fit my daughter who wear a women medium it realli turn out to be a wast of time especi when i want the vest for thi weekend"
"i order a larger size as everyon said in their review to do howev thi wa so small i gave it to my son if you wear a xl order a xxxl minimum it may fit"
"the kn websit word charact both the ps and the hp seri filter as premium but the ps seri is certain not a premium filter at allth metal in the hous is thinner it diamet is smaller the flowhol around the central mount hole are smaller and the width of the seal gasket is not as wide there is a sloppi amount of glue between the base plate and the outsid hous the term contractor grade came to mind as be a cheaper bare function product design for a jobber not the endus with an eye on qualiti ask kn to consid chang the word of their product descript to more accur reflect the inferior qualiti of thi filter compar to the hpseriessinc i dont need the hp seri nut on top of the filter i thought id save a buck or two on a filter of equiv qualiti otherwi poor economyupdat receiv satisfactori respon from kn staff in their market and in their consum affair depart i identifi myself as a longtim custom and express disappoint that the ps seri fail to live up to expect base on their subsequ commun with me i remain a loyal custom"
"attract to their low price i tri substitut these led bulb for the filament bulb in a coupl of my motorhom overhead fixtur hope id eventu be abl to replac all of my incandesc bulb to save power to make the electr connect i had to pri the wire from the base slight onc i did that and ensur that the polar wa correct all of the led in the bulb came on but even with all of them work the light output wa nowher near as much as i wa get from my filament bulb though these are adverti as be white the color of the light wa a cool light blue cast a notat warm light the differ in light color and light inten between these led bulb and my regular incandesc filament bulb wa dramat as much as i would like to reduc my light power consumpt which would of cour great increa the time i could light my coach befor have to charg my batteri these wont do it for me sad i must continu look for warmer brighter led bulb"
"when tri to drive on these they often tend to move forward so your car is on the ground again sometim they move right or left even when you drive on them absolut in a straight lineto use them in a safe way youd have to block them from sudden shoot forward a long stick of sturdi wood will do the trick if you can fix against a not move object if the piec of wood is wide enough it will also help the ramp from misalign"
"these are not my first ramp they arriv in a huge box with a lot of packag paper so packag well i put both on the floor next to each other in the live room one of ramp had extra plastic materi on the center part of it bottom who ever took the plastic out of the mold didnt do a good job cut off the excess so one ramp wa swing lift and right as my kid jump on it while the other ramp wa perfect and not move so i use a small handsaw to finish it myself a veri simpl thing for the factori to observ befor ship a none conform partfyi i do have race ramp that i use for my lower sport sedan and they have a 10 degr slopeupd 6232013i wa tri to go up the ramp slowli sever time i over did it and the right side ramp went under the tire and the ramp wa bent the wall from insid broke off with the center wall twist and some minor crack appear so one mistak go up thi 17 degr will cost you 55 buck burn faster than a matchi did drive again on top of these ramp but not sure if they are safe for use i think a floor jack and coupl of jack stand along with a veri good knowledg of where to place and lift the vehicl is the best solutionus on a 2009 chrysler town and countri van curb weight 4750 lbsupdat 9202013i forgot to mention a day after the ramp were damag i call the manufactur and they sent me new one which im sell as is and sent back the damag"
"ive own both the origin and the new style nest rhino rampssinc they move on concret the origin were easili drive over given the veri low lip at the end of the ramp ye i drove over the origin and took a chunk out of the end as the ramp land on the rocker panel 34pinch weld34i sold the origin and bought the new style one hope they would be betterthey are not the end of the ramp split as they are nest after two or three usesth right wheel spun on my 2003 toyota corolla had melt the surfac of one rampth race pamp at three tome of price of these are perfect i dump these and purcha them instead of the rate are 5 star on amazon basic thi in one time that you get what you pay for"
"the ramp keep slide on the pavement so i put a towel under it did not work it seem on way thi ramp will work is to back it up with someth to keep it from slide return"
"so i want to add a batteri disconnect to my rv batteri and order thi but when it came time to actual put thi on i wa not impress batteri cabl wire size wa to big for the switch would have been better to see prior to purcha"
"ive been use meguir product for year and have been veri satisfi with mani of their product but not thi one ive tri mani differ type of glass cleaner from the age old windex to spray foam cleaner past cleaner and final thi one thi one is horribl while initi the cleaner seem to work it leav behind a thin oili residu on the glass in more than 30 year of detail and take care of car ive never encount a product that hazesfog faster than or more than thi one doe to make sure i test the product on all kind of glass from auto glass to window in the home mirror aquarium etc and even tri use differ dri tool from sever type of paper towel microfib towel synthet chamoi and the result were alway the sameit foggedhaz on all the type of glass in a veri short timedo not wast your money on thi cleaner ive found the veri best result come from just plain distil or ro water and a high qualiti microfib towel it doesnt fog wont harm interior window tint and cost practic 0"
"i thought thi product offer an easi way to transfer ani print imag onto my car like print someth on special paper that wa easili transfer over the oper word there be easi and there noth easi about thi process at least not for me the direct show a rather complex star shape which would be virtual imposs for the averag person to replic given the step requir preci cut the design out with a razor blade it would be painstaking tediou work for anyon includ a high talent artist to cut all that intric detail perfect and come up with a usabl design that didnt look like garbagea if that wasnt complic enough then you have to tape the design onto your car perfect and hope the stencil doesnt move one iota while you buff the paint off your car with actual sandpap all for an end result that look mediocr at best i guess if you have noth better to do thi would be a great littl project for a hobbyist but i serious have to wonder if there arent better altern that would take less time look 1000x better and not requir intent scratch your car in the processbottom line nice idea but not for me"
"thi kit is imposs to use and is not worth the money regular vinyl stick decal are easier to appli the fact that thi kit come with wet sand paper indic that it is difficult to use and may caus damag to the paint surfac"
"for those who want to purcha thi 45 degr turn stop it will leak when there is a rush of wast water come out the seal from the hose can not handl thi type of pressur the 90 degr turn will work better as the wast water doe not rush direct to the hose seal"
"ok i get that there are bound to be some doa bulb couldnt you just send a replac without have to return the defect one it isnt go to be repair so just show the custom that you realli want their busi and not make them send it back in the mail how much is it go to realli cost you"
"i put one of these in my rv porch light to replac the standard bulb and it melt i check the socket with a millimet and the socket turn out to be fine not sure if it wa just a bad unit or what but i threw the other one away as i have no desir to have a fire"
"light work but not as bright as i would like them to be nice for an area where you on need a littl bit of light"
"great price and great amazon servic but doesnt fit the first priu be care refund wa instant love amazon 2004 and older may work for you my ratng is not actual fair i know sorri"
"so i receiv them and they were most to long and didnt work correct they also had contact that were to far out so the led wouldnt work as well"
"i live in southern california where it is sunni everyday thi summer ha been around 90 with some heat wave of 105 day i purcha thi june 26th 2012 and now it ha complet fell apart thi product is veri cheapli made and is evid as soon as you open itconsit so thin and cheap that when it actual get heat up by the sun it turn into thin paper and just bend easili which can caus it to fall out of your windowaft two month the black felt around the edg of the sun shade ha start to flake off caus a horribl mess in my car everi time you remov the shade more come offalso the eye and other color now flake off so there are a bunch of hole in the shade on the paint sideprosit wa cool for the first month i had it until it start to fall apart"
"burn out within a few week notic burn insid unit discolor thermal protect doe not work seller ha not respond with ani replac or warranti info"
"origin review i have these in my ram pickup as backup light even though the len are shine up in the reflector they throw much more bright white light than ani other led setup ive triedupd order these in march instal them about 2 week after they came tonight 629 the passeng side rever light complet fail no strobe no flicker simpli will not light and the remain bulb wa veri hot appar these bulb although substanti brighter are not readi for prime time and obvious cannot be cool proper i replac the bulb with the origin led i had instal and will avoid thi vendor in the futur"
"sorri to say but these bulb are veri dull and a few i had to toss do to them burn up i must say some of you poepl make comment must have no idea about led the bulb are cheap garbag if you want true good bulb goto superbrightl you spend a bit more but you get what you pay for buy 2 from superbright then compar it to these i love the pictur they have up show how bright they are and it make me laugh caus just think about it you get 20 bulb for 10 buck and superbright ha 1 for 595 and it realli bright and guarant for life plu not china made"
"junk dont buy"
"i had to return thi scanner becaus of intermitt on off i also tri to find out onlineaboutthi model ms309 and i could not regist the item if i want to becaus item came from china with no registr possibl for thi scanner"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productinstead buy theinnova 3040 obd2 scan toolorinnova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesthat a friend just recommend which work on my 2001 acura mdxnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give a link error ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same link error the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about a minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not a us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on itwhen i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is a 19962012 car with an obdii connector it work i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state as long as you buy it from us we support it again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to a 2001 hondaacura"
"i bought thi turtl wax ice spray wax for the specif reason that it say on the bottl synthet formula prevent water spot i have use thi turtl wax ice spray wax twice on my jetski and it is still water spot everi time i take it out of the waterbefor i took my jetski to the lake thi time i use 3m marin cleanerwax first to remov ani old water spot then i liber appli the turtl wax ice spray wax and wipe it off i did thi twice just to make sure i had appli enough got back from the lake and the jetski is water spot everywh obvious the jetski get wet but not much differ than a car in rain or splash through puddl of wateri would be satisfi if the water spot came off easili but they dont i am go to have to use the 3m marin cleanerwax to get the water spot off again but next time i will use eagl one nanowax spray wax instead that is what i use on my two other boat 20 and 16 both fiberglass and the water spot come right off with anoth applic of eagl one nanowax spray waxth bottl of turtl wax ice spray wax call it the most advanc wax yet and that it ha a synthet formula that prevent water spot mayb i just got a bottl of water or they forgot to put in the ingredi that prevent water spot ill just use it on my lawn tractor as it rare get use in the rainover a veri disappoint spray wax product that is way overhyp"
"receiv quick tri to instal but would not fit my truck it obstruct the tailgat upon close is sent it back for a refund with no problem"
"had high hope for thi item but it doe not live up to the hype instal instruct were terribl vagu what a nutsert call the contact number help but after instal the bottom nutsert pivot part fail within 3 openingsc the contact number and while help they concur the instruct were an issu and made a few suggest includ send anoth instal kitsinc it would need to be drill out and destroy to replac i tri to tighten the nutsert to see if it would workwith about twice as mani turn as the instruct suggest it still pivot from the weight and let the bottom shock mount slip off and then the tailgat come bang downwil be return thi"
"thi is on for a dodgegot one it backi have an avalanch therer page doe not give you a choicealthough they say it custom fit for everi vehicl i call deez manufactur and they do not sell these amazon so watch your choic"
"updateth reason i wa have clean problem with these wiper blade is becaus their old i went to an auto store and replac them and wa inform of thisi notic a color differ on the rubber part of the blade these wiper were fade compar to actual fresh onesi would recommend spend a few more dollar at a store to get new one or get the cheaper one they work better then these in my casenow im out twenti buck plu the price of the new one"
"it wa not clear from the product descript but these are fulli enclo blade design to keep ice from caus them to lose contact i live in a part of arizona where i dont need that also these are about the ugliest blade ive ever seen big and blocki im sure they work great in snow and ice but i dont need that also they dont flex out at the tip as much as regular blade the the outer 334 did not even touch on the passeng side of my 2001 tundra windshield with the blade at rest"
"thought thi might have been becaus the wiper arm itself wa bent put the old blade back on and it hit the spot fine use on a 2009 camri tri bend the blade a bit to no avail still miss a huge spot right in the middl on the driver side part of the window will have to order a new one but will make sure it a differ brand"
"i have had good luck with bosch wiper in the past but these do a terribl job and leav ton of streak in the top half of the wiper arc i will be tri a differ brand next time outedit i replac these with some rainx weatherbeat wiper and the improv is drastic stay away from the bosch wiper and spend your money on someth that actual work as intend"
"just instal thi on my wife 2004 toyota 4runner and ye it fit even though amazon say it doesnt with that said they seem like good wiper i notic a littl bit of squeal from the driver side one but that could bc the windshield need clean or there wasnt enough rain on it at the timeupd so after have them instal for over a month now these wiper have a faint squeal to them constant which can be annoy i have the one that are step up from these on my truck and they dont squeal so in my opinion it worth spend a littl more and get the nicer onesupdate2 on a toyota 4runner these thing suck will definit not buy these again"
"i bought a set in may 2014 and instal them no issu instal them i inspect them on juli 12 2014 and found the wiper edg on both driver and passang side were separ from main rubber part of the blade i live in arizona and the weather is ha been hot but not so hot to make both of these blade disintegr after less than 2 month on the car when the rain hit my worst fear were confirm as the wiper did not wipe away the rain from the windshield like they should havedont buy thi inferior product"
"i wa super excit to get thi and tri it out unfortun despit detail research regard the proper size to get for my vehicl the attach system is total differ than what is on my car veri disappoint as thi wa a veri highqual wiper"
"unfortun i believ they sent me a returnrefurb product you know that need a chainsaw to cut open melt plastic secur packag we all love to hate that electron seem to be pack in well thi came in that howev there wa a cut about 34 the way up the packagejust enough to pull the unit out and put the unit back in it packag the box it wa deliv in show no sign of damag and that secur plastic of death just cant rip on it ownsecond i wa amaz to find 2 miss compon wonder if it is standard for all of thi type or if it wa just miss in mine screw to perman mount and most import an insul copper wire to ground the unit if your go to give us the option to screw it down in a vehicl then suppli the screw if you are go to sell a product that should be ground then help your custom by suppli that ground wire for cri out loudit also veri import to note thi can on suppli 140w of power when use the in car power plug ie for your radar detector etc the on way you get to 400w is direct connect to the car batteryi do like the fact that it ha dual ac socket howev it realli need more than a singl usb plug my intend use would be for trip and with on one usb charger that doesnt work when you have more than one kiddoi would recommend either go to a differ model with more port if you have kid"
"thi is the second type of led light i have test i order 2 of these light i measur the voltag and current at each light each light came from differ suppliersl light 112612v 1711a 21579 wattsl light 212581v 1723a 21677 wattsth light are bright but the dcdc convert is probabl run too lowth might be b stockwhil i wrote thi review i left led light 2 on to see what would happen when they got warml light 212638v 1638a 20701 wattsi wa go to give these 2 star but i receiv a refurbish unit i sent it back becaus the len wa crack and had a poor repair job the len have to be super cheap i dont know whi they bother repair themedit care with the len cover i clean mine and now it ha a white haze to it"
"these were easi to break and they did not fit my 2008 honda civic the descript of the product need to be chang so peopl dont end up buy thi and it doesnt fit their vehicl"
"dont buy thi tank there are sever out there much better design hard to handl have to lift front to drain make a mess hard to pull when full buy tank with 4 wheel that you dont have to lift front to pull one that work like kid wagon and that can be drain lay flat"
"not on wa it a disappoint it wa a seriou one no fault of the light as it work just fine the differ between thi bulb and the one that came with the rv wa liter night and day with these led bulb instal the best i can compar it to is a moonlit night no way i could read cook or do anyth with these instal after the sun ha set as said thi isnt the bulb fault becaus it work as adverti"
"ive bought smd countless time on amazon and i want the whitest smd possibl i wa replac the gaug cluster bulb in a 98 camri and need a few more i want small one with less smd sinc i wasnt sure about the depth for the bulb so i figur thi kit would be fineto be blunt they work well most of them some of them had the top smd blown out but it wasnt too notic in the cluster they all turn on and the cluster look a lot better but not much brighter than the factor bulbsth jtech are also in the 8000k rang which i dont like 8000k is white with a lot of blue probabl the closest thing to a solid blue led i definit do not recommend these for licen plate or park light sinc theyll attract too much attent and arent veri bright if your replac gaug cluster bulb then theyll be fine"
"i instal one of these led to replac a blown led side light in porsch cayenn the bulb illumin and is bright white howev it trigger a warn messag to check side light while these bulb are veri low cost and id recommend them for a standard applic these dont appear to be suitabl for an errorfr applic requir a canbu builtin load resistor"
"mayb other peopl will have differ result but i wa extrem disappoint i bought these bulb to replac the fair dim bulb in the dash of my 1996 ford pickup which ha 194 style bulb i had alreadi replac my dash bulb with the 34high output34 filament type 194 bulb they still werent bright enough for me so i decid on led these jtech 5smd bulb were a veri slight improv but not worth the troubl the bulb have some seriou drawbacksfirst these bulb are polar mean they on work in one direct in the vehicl most dash light that use 194 bulb arent alway go to light up all the time i want to replac the veri dim warn light as wellyou cant just make all the warn light come onther no way to tell for sure that you have instal the bulb correct there is no indic on the bulb to denot which side is to be for posit and which side is to be for neg i had to remov all but the illumin bulb which i wa abl to check the function ofsecond the bulb are veri flimsi and not well construct the led portion is not veri secur fasten to the plastic socket assembl addit the 34plug34 use cheap ultrathin wire as the contact which is veri easili bent out of posit you must ensur that the wire is in exact the right posit and if you have to bend it veri far it will break i have veri littl to believ that these bulb will last ani length of time at all one of my dash bulb ha fail in less than one monththird and thi is my fault for buy the wrong style led not the manufactur fault on the flat 34top34 portion of the led actual doe anyth if your tri to use these for a dash illumin applic these might work where there is 360 degr unobstruct area around the bulb but even when use in a reflector in the map light of my littl toyota the light output is scarc more than the 194 filament bulb that it replac there are led with 4 or even 8 smd led that are mount flat on the top of the plastic plug assemblythi is what you want for direct light outputbottom line if your look to purcha the least expen led bulb thi is it if you are look for a wellconstruct bright bulb to replac your dash light thi is not the bulb you are look for to be fair these bulb would work fine if your not need a direct output light and where you can check that the polar of the bulb is correct befor trust it to work"
"i tri thi after a friend recommend it to me say t last a few week and had good shinemor so then ani other tire shine i have use you must make sure your tire are 100 clean if not after appli thi product you will get brownish stain on your tire so use a good tire cleaner or degrea to prepar it for the shine coatingit ha more of a matt finish then a glossi shine even after duplic coat it seem to contain a larg percentag of alcohol as it flash dri rather short after spray it it also did not last long for me on a few day at bestnot worth the effort there is much better on the market i like meg endur for an otc product and ultima trim and tire guard for a mail order product"
"i follow the instruct clean the tire with a bristl brush and soapdri it with towel then i appli the product thi morn my tire have a thick plastic feel brown residu all overlook like rust mix with mud when i use thi stuff befor it never left a brown residu just a horribl attempt at a shineover thi product suck and now i need to figur out how to remov the brown resid it left stick with mcguir from now on"
"i bought thi product two can a few week ago from anoth site and it is not what it claim to beit left a white gummi residu on my tire and no shine i eventu had to return one can"
"lamp did not fit as promi should of return them but too late now did not fit the socket for the lamp on ani light of the car"
"i bought these light to replac the 20w light in my camper i have alreadi bought a coupl of led light elsewh and i am veri happi with them but the cost wa too high to replac them all in my camper i bought these 2 light to tri befor buy a 20 set the first thing to watch out for is the wire on both of these light were cross when i tri to instal them the first time thi result in a quick pop and a littl char on the light fixtur i remov the light and bent what wa left of the wire into place the second tri work well the result light is veri blue and nowher near as bright as my other led light they are not complet unplea but are more like night light than read light i didnt want to wast the bulb so i move them to the bathroom where we leav the light on all night i will not be buy ani more and would on recommend them for landscap light or night light"
"updat i went to a drive through car wash and to my surpri the car wash bent the front licen plate all up i remov it and straighten it back up and tri to put the plug through the bottom the licen plate but the thing rip right off i wa pretti piss 20 piec of rubber use for protect that cant even be instal with out malfunct then while poke a hole so can run a screw on the bottom the screw cover piec of rubber rip off i lost faith in thi for protect i end up use zip tie to keep the bottom from be lift up at the car washth compani also give you i think 5 to write a review if you purcha one but do yourself a favor and just buy someth elseso i put thi on a 12 kia optima here in cali you gotta have the front plate so i wa on a search for thick licen plate frame and stumbl across thi on amazon it not a bad price after see the littl thin one that offer no protect at autozon for about 1015 i havent test it but im sure if i wa to go battl with shop cart the bumper will be protect as long as i hit it dead center with the rubber framei wa debat go with the hd frame but couldnt justifi spend 20 more on a 14 of rubber"
"the first one explod when i accid rever the polar and the second i bought the switch to turn on the usb doesnt usual work with out be flipe back and forth a few time and sometim even then need pressur on it to stay on the screw that hold the bracket togeth rust and now i need to chang it with a stainless one cheap fix but still a pain from a new product"
"i purcha these extend for 26 i bliev and took them to discount tire to have them put on my dualli motor home they had a difficult time put them on after they instal them the tire leak all the air and went down 20 pound of air pressur luckili while on my trip i notic the back driver side tire wa low a tire compani i took the motor home to check whi the tire wa low took it off and show me that the end of the exten were crush and caus the problem they check the tire by submerg it into a water tank and there wa noth wrong with the tire had them remov the exten and didnt have ani more problem on 4k mile trip"
"these did not work for my car even though they are suppo to be compat be care and make sure you proper instal them"
"i have a 2003 chevrolet taho and these backup bulb will not fit into the socket thi wa a total wast of time and i return them for a refund"
"i do not know how bright they are becaus they did not fit ani light assembl on the car uhg"
"these work as a 3156 backup light but not a 3157 my 96 f350 need 3157 for run turn and break light these dont work i plug them into my backup light 3156 and they did work"
"instal one then compar the bright at night veri lilttl if ani differ between thi bulb and the 4 year old oem on he other side dissapoint"
"didt work the plug were off set and the fuse will not plug into them thank to amazon for refund me my purcha price becaus all they did wa take up room in my garbag can do not buy these unless you plan on throw your money away"
"i wait for actual snow befor write thi review it snow about 3 inch so i unpackag thi unit don my glove and hat and set forth to clear my car there are two clip on the unit where the handl is store unclip the handl and adjust for size i have a small suv first setback wa the unit handl lock and unlock system is tight and secur realli realli tight and secur after some grunt and twist i got the thing set up when tight unlik the photo the scraper is at a 90 degr angl to the snow pusher more on thi later the foam snow pusher actual did a good job and clear snow clean with no mar it seem to hold up to the usual edg and bump from wiper antenna etc and the length made the job quickaft snow remov i use the scraper end to get the light coat of ice off the window becaus the foam pusher end is at 90 degr to the scraper you end up tri to manag scrape with a wet 18 inch or so pusher end orient up and down drip ici water on you while tri to scrape horizont tri to unlock the handl for storag with wet cold glove wa an exerci in frustrat i manag it by sit in my car for some leverag now im no weakl but i cant imagin a slight built person or a lessor grip actual adjust thi thing on a cold dark wet ici morn with cold wet finger i wa soak by the time i wa doneover a good idea but poor execut"
"wiper came loo and allow arm to scratch wind shield i even check sever time to made sure wiper are attach secur lousi design"
"i remov the driver side wiper blade from my pickup i wa unabl to instal the acdelco with ani of the adapt that were furnish i went to the amazon web site and enter the inform for my vehicl and the respon wa that thi wiper blade wa a match for my vehicl so it must be just me that cant get it instal and i need to tri a differ approachi took my frontier back to the nissan dealer where i purcha the vehicl i ask the dealer to instal the wiper blade and while there go ahead and chang the oil and rotat the tire the dealer did the oil and tire thing as usual but wa unabl to get the acdelco blade to work i ask him to put my origin blade back on which he did and i recycl the acdelcoagainst the advic i did look thi gift hor in the mouth and it had no teeth"
"the wiper come with sever adapt and you have to choo the one that right for your car unfortun for me the one that right for my car is huge and veri distractingi notic it right away as soon as i sat in the driver seat it actual imp on my vision just a littl on the bottom of the windshield it had a higher profil than my other wiper which i left on the passeng side for comparison purpo and it wa just distract becaus of it bulbou shape when i turn on the wiper i actual felt like it wa danger becaus it wa such a focal point that my eye kept go to the adapt while i wa drive in the rain everi time the wiper went by i couldnt help but notic it again like a giant black bug or someth you just cant not notic it i hope it would get more invi to me as i got use to it and continu drive it wa a long drive home but that didnt happenit make veri good contact with the windshield and work well with no miss spot on the windshield im guess that if you need ani other adapt than the one i need youd probabl be fine but the one i need just made it too much of an eyesorei had alreadi thrown out the old wiper so im out of luck and need to buy anoth one now"
"these wiper requir replac the entir wiper compon not just the plastic part so the first difficulti i ran into wa figur out how to get the origin one off as thi isnt even in my car manual had to googl it to find out how to do it then to put the blade on you have to figur out which adapt to use and how to snap it into place the direct for thi are ridicul small and imposs to deciph so it pretti much a trial and error thing onc i got it snap on i wa abl to put the blade on and it seem to work reason well enough for a coupl week that wa until i wa drive in a slight drizzl turn on my wiper and i guess the window had some dri spot that caus the blade to stick a littl bit and the connector just snap off send the entir blade fli through the air thank it didnt hit anyon or anoth car or i could have had some real damag to pay luckili i save the origin wiper which went back on the car asap these went into the garbag i will note that my wiper use the jstyle connector and anoth review mention a similar issu with their car and the same style connector so it may be a particular issu with thi one howev i am just not sure i would trust these wiper and these connector that arent perman attach to the wiper and prone to just snap apart"
"these acdelco wiper blade ship with multipl adapt so they will fit a varieti of vehicl the instal direct cryptic and virtual useless i wish id notic the video provid on the product page befor i did my installth adapt are bulki in size and are notic distract in your field of vision when your drive furthermor both the adapt and the blade are made of plastic similar to what youd expect from a chine made dollar store toy the blade feel super flimsi and do not even have the strength to hold the wiper against the curv of the windshield from end to end the actual rubber wiper doe a decent job where it touch the glassth blade come equip with a wear indic that is suppo to let you know when it is time to replac the blade i do not have ani expect that the blade will actual last long enough for that indic to be neededthi review appli to both of the two differ length of blade i test"
"i wa person quit disappoint with thi oil after get my new bike and fill it with the other castrol 4t miner base 4stroke motorcycl oil it ran smooth and shift with littl effortbut thi synthet stuff is just terribl in comparison hard shift miss shiftsjust not for my 1 cylind push rod 4 stroke 250cc wet clutch"
"thi thing is so bulki and heavi and unbalanc i took it out of the box and put it back thi would be good for noth more than take off lug nut onc a year for a rotat there are smaller more power electr impact gun on the market that you can fit insid a wheel well let alon an engin compart"
"im veri disappoint in thi wrench the 12 volt wrench like thi is bettergo figur i just perform a strut job on my toyota and it had troubl break the bolt off and the 12 volt could break em im glad i decid to purcha the 12 volt version of thi as well the click of the 12 volt drive me nut but at least i know them bolt or nut are come off i guess thi wrench need more power or sum thin im not sure it just doesnt work well ik alreadi i will be use the cheaper impact as it more handi becaus of it compact size compar to thi and it just work better i guess i will just keep it for backup good luck on who el decid to purcha thi mayb you will have better luck"
"ive been use microfib towel for year they are absolut the best way to wash and wax your car befor discov the hein towel i use the standard yellow one they do a good job and arent veri expen when i got the hein towel i expect them to be veri similar to the pile of microfib wipe that i own i couldnt be more wrong these towel are actual differenti figur that microfib is a commod and that one brand is pretti much the same as anoth thi one isnt the towel are notic thicker softer and more absorb one of these towel last as long as two of the other when i am dri the car they wash clean on the perman press washer cycl and dri on the warm set on my electr dryer at about 175 each they are reason price person i prefer the light color towel that show ani dirt pick up more easili the dark one tend to hide the dirt a dirti towel can scratch your car finish tri these they are absolut greatnew inform 5162013now that i have had these a while some seriou problem have emerged1 these towel are not veri absorb i have a coupl of dozen of the basic yellow microfib cloth they soak up the water i tri these and they didnt drink veri much i wash them and they still dont begin to compar with their competit it took a while to learn thi due to the veri raini weather here2 they shrunk the cloth start off be a nice size and veri thick after one wash they are now smaller than my old clothsa a result of these issu i have remov some star"
"i use microfib cloth almost exclus for most household garag and woodwork use from clean stove top car glass window wipe dust off just sand woodwork etc i current have two other brand in hous both purcha in 36 pack so i welcom the chanc to test thi product head to head in all the usual daili use mention physic these are the same size same makeup 8020 and subject near the same knapp or feel to hand as the other product they perform exact the same both wet and dri rin the same and dri in the same amount of time other than color i could detect no differ so whi on 2 star these are near 4 time the price of the other brand test per clothmak no mistak these are top qualiti microfib cloth fluffi and not thin do everyth well and rin easili but so do the other brand and they do it much much less expen"
"these micrfibr are meh for remov wax make you work harder than you need to i tri them out becaus they were a good price but i wouldnt buy them again i also tri use them to quickwax the car it just seem to move the fluid around the paint and doesnt take it off it work a bit better after i soak them in pinnacl microfibr deterg but i recommend the meguiar x4014 10000000 time over these you get what you pay for"
"unfortun i wa feel cheap when i decid to replac all my bulb now everyth flicker i feel like there is a disco go on when they are in use just pay a littl extra for some qualiti your not go to be happi for veri long with these"
"product work for a week fine after that the bluetooth would not pair tri all code and differ devic but would not work dont buy"
"you have wait till it dark to know if these are on or not cant see them at all in the daytim"
"i simpli cannot recommend these for rever bulb both bulb had most of the led not work and they are no where near as bright as the factori bulbsprob due to the led not light up"
"i realli wonder about the good review thi seat cover get the back part of the seat cover is made of women panti hose one of the one i receiv wa rip out of the box the front part you sit on is tough enough but it attach to nylon back same as panti hose i kid you not 20 worth of aggrav is what you get mine is be return at no cost thank to amazon realli now when i ask for canva tough seat cover thi is more like the seat cover for drug store cowboy it wont lastit wont wear through though it will just come apart the stitch it like stitch toilet paper to saddl leather just not go workb care instal rip easi one of mine wa rip out of the boxi hope we didnt make thi here in the usa shame shame3rd time a charm june 11continu of the dicki seat cover sagai got anoth one in the mail today it rip also put it on wor than the other one that came rippedno way these will hold up sent them all three back two rip and one veri care rebox thi 3rd one did not rip at the panti hose materi seem but right in the but area where the canva is sewn togeth where you sit realli bad dicki i did not sit in it happen dure instal rip complet outi wa be care instal so there pretti good seat cover for all you drug store cowboysworth the 20 nopoor dicki must be hurt"
"thi gaug is terribl it doe not inflat well the trigger pull is tini your hand will cramp up befor someth is inflat even a soccer ball took minut to inflat trust me view what other custom view after thi item and tri those pass on thi dont get sucker in by the low price"
"there are some confus review for thi product that made me curiou enough to buy it to clear up the confus thi tire inflat doe not readili work with presta valv and it doe not ship with an adapt so you will have to get your own adapt i am primarili use it for my bike tire that are rate 110 to 140psi my compressor produc about 110 psi mayb a bit more even though thi inflat is on rate up to 100psi i with the 200psi gaug thi allow me to check and correct the tire pressur quicklyi tri the inflat with a car tire and notic that the mechan that clip it to the valv is a bit unusu and flimsycheap air will escap unless the hose is held total straight and there is no later forc to the connect thi is a bit difficult to achiev thi is no differ when i use it with the presta adapt i am not sure i would order thi product again"
"they look fine for a few minut after turn them on but then they turn a veri undesir shade of purpleish blue i order four two pack of two and all of them did thi in contrast the 42smd model work great i replac all the bulb in my camper with those about 16 total have been run them for hour and they put out a much more pleasant white light the bright of the 42smd is about the same as the 68smd anyway if not a bit brighter"
"weak implement of a mediocr design"
"smaller than expect but pretti thinnot plenti of lint too i dont think theyr worth the savingsid rather pay more and have a much better product"
"i wa hope for someth that would easili and quick remov water spot while it will remov water spot that are veri light you can get the same or better result use a pasteliquid wax that ha some builtin cleaningpolish agent the meguiar water spot remov did not work on some water spot in one of our sink and the water spot were fresh i use a polishingclean wax and wa abl to remov the water spot i think meguiar need to spend more time at the compani and less time out with hi show late i am find that about 12 the meguiar product i buy are a wast of money and i can find a better product from a competitor a few of meguiar product are realli good thi is not one of them"
"well thi wa a wast of time i tri it twice and didnt get ani better and on the packag it say 34 guarant to remov your oxid or your money back how can i get my money back i dont know if i should tri anoth brand"
"ehhhh what can i say it black past there isnt a 34wow34 factor here and the instruct kind of scare me about get it on anyth but black paint so far not impress it come in a past tube which crack easi and allow oil from the wax to leak out appic is easi as usual and it give a good decent darker shine not what i would call a 34wet shine34 i think the idea here is that thi will cover scratch or swirl on black paint not what happen in realiti not feel thi one folk"
"i have been wax car for the better part of 35 year mayb it wa just the car i use thi on but i wa not impress at all with thisth tech wax and number 7 glaze for sure work better on my mini i found thi hard to remov and it had a lot of smudg to it i tri it by hand and also with a machin still had poor result and will re do the car today i am go to give it a tri on anoth dark car i have and see if it is ani better but for now thi doe not work for me and i use almost all of meguar product with no issu"
"i had thi cup holder for about 2 week befor the bolt that held the up came loo and my cup fell off i wa so mad when you get it make sure everi bolt is tight or you will loo it"
"be that thi on come in one size that a big downsid i hope to see 3m make other size avail for bigger applic like most peopl are do i instal thi in the trunk of my vehicl and did not notic a big differ in road noi reduct i think there are better altern ive seen big mat and bigger roll through other vendor onlin over unless thi is just for around speaker i dont think thi will fit mani applic unless you want to buy a lot but if you are buy a lot there are some other semi and custom product to fit your exact need"
"these sound proof mat are extrem stiff i want to use them in my vehicl tailgat i took the precaut of take a hair dryer out to warm them up so they would fit secur sinc the floor ha some veri wide groov even with that these would not conform to the floor they lay on topit would take sever more purcha in order to cover the whole area there are numer other product out there that seem more reason in cost with thi partial coverag there is no differ in the sound level and i have no confid that these will stay on with the constant load and unload of item sinc they refus to stick to the whole floor but just the top of the wide groov surfac wish they would state that surfac must be complet flat it doe show the mat bend to the curv and bump of a door in their direct sure didnt work for me"
"these are basic cheap made in china microfib towel each one ha a label on it in addit to edg both of which i believ can scratch your paintyou are much better of with edgeless higher qualiti microfib towel"
"my car ha littl door for the port to plug in thi one but thi guy is too big so i cannot close that door look for smaller altern"
"the pictur show white plastic bottl i did not receiv these the pictur of thi product would make one beleiev that these are thick plastic bottl the bottl that i receiv where not mark in ani way to show that they are from chemic guy and they are clear plastic the sprayer that were includ with my bottl do not turn off when you tighten down the nozzl either"
"the green section is open cell foam like the dark gray foam although a littl denser but be open cell doesnt stop dress chemic from soak through to your finger"
"what you want is a blutooth version of thi devic and an old andriod devic or crack iphon to use the blutooth function fu appl for connect thi use wifi make your phone useless you will not be abl to connect to the internet use your lte if you have an iphon it tri to connect through the wifi which is connect to thi devicei tri use engin link softwar and wa not happi with it that did not sen my fuel tank and flow function"
"i had some plan for thi that includ a vanguard gaem portabl game system suitca with a 19 monitor in there that also mount an xbox or such insid for portabl game the xbox itself use 175w the monitor a fraction of that yet thi would power neither of them not concurr nor individu nadai pull my harmoni remot charg base in the car tri that and that would power so i knew the invert at least work and isnt defectiveusb charg work for my tablet and my phone although it far more conveni for me to use my dual usb cigarett adapt for thing like that rather than the larg box hereth other major complaint i had is the short cabl for the cigarett lighter give me someth long enough to reach the back of my suv where im more like to have thing set up that need ac power the provid cabl wasnt even long enough to reach from the center mount dash cigarett jack to the armrest between the seat a short straight shot i had just enough to reach to put the unit on one of the front seat that wa it and sinc not all vehicl have a rear mount cigarett plug someth i think all auto maker should do i have no el i can plug it inhad it work i probabl wouldv given it 4 star take one off for the shot cord but sinc thi 500w unit couldnt even power someth at about 30w let alon someth that on use 175w it complet useless"
"thi is unbeliev i thought i wa buy from a reput brand thi is my 2nd energ or i guess power bright is their manufactur invert i got the 1st one earlier thi week it wa return the day it wa receiv becaus one of the 120v wire come off the main board hasnt attach it had come off it wa hold on by 1 strand the replac came in today first thing i check wa that wire through the grill slot it wa attach plug it in to my car batteri via the attach clip power up just find attach a 50w led work light 50 watt load at the plug not 50 watt light output work just fine fan didnt power up attach a 175200 watt load my dremel rotari tool it pull 15a ive test thi with a dmm with the led light there wa a sizabl arc insid the unit it continu to arc follow quick by a fire and a lot of smoke until i remov the posit termin of the batteri from it look like a fool tri to blow through the fan open to put it out then quick snap a pic with my phoneunbeliev thi is suppo to have the usual safeti circuitri built in none of it work as design it continu to short intern with my batteri connect thi is a danger to anybodi who use it with high load i serious question the engin design and manufactur if i had 1 dead on arriv and the 2nd caught on fire due to some intern fault im not go to take it apart to see which compon fail it total unacceptableoh and if anybodi say that dremel wa too much for it ive measur it pull 155a at 110v modifi ac sin wave from my cobra 500watt power invert i have perman mount in my car you know the 25 dollar one on amazon right now i use it on that thing frequent with no issu i step up to energ think it would be a good product but the dirt cheap one that ive had a year or 2 work better"
"it work good just as most of the review have said but the one i got stunk veri bad when i took it out of the box the smell is similar to the smell that i have found on shoe tool and other product that came from china appear to be someth in the plasticglu they use im a smoker so my smeller is not too good but i can smell thi thing from across the room im surpri becaus i read a lot of the review befor i bought thi thing and i dont rememb anyth about it smell so mayb i got a bad one ive had thi thing out of the box for sever day now but the smell is just as power as the day i open the box for the 1st time ill be keep it becaus it will be use most outdoor were it dont smell as bad but i wont be buy anoth or recommend thi thing"
"thi invert is nonsinusoid basic thi make it unfit for your expen electron like laptop i plug my macbook pro ac adaptorcharg into thi thing and it flash my screen like a christma light i hope it not damagedit come in one of those cur weld plastic display hanger that you have to destroy to open that ok though becaus i feel sorri for anyon that would buy thi po junk from china live and learn"
"i wa look forward to review thi becaus we had such great luck usingrainx 80000224312pk origin glass treatment 7 oz pack of 12on the same car for a crosscountri drive last fall but had left the bottl at homesuperfici the two product are similar both appli easili and are easili wipe clear after dryingther the similar end although the griot glass sealant doe help rainwat bead on the windshield the bead are larg and dont easili move themselv out of the field of view rainx on the other hand creat a myriad of extrem tini rainwat bead that all immedi migrat off the windshield make it unnecessari to even turn on the windshield wiper at highway speedsw did notic e griot glass sealant help smooth and quiet the motion of the windshield wiper dure rain but there wa no chanc of leav the wiper off even in a light misti wonder if perhap thi griot product might be better suit for folk want a show car windshield to look it absolut best as oppo to someon like me just look for an equiv of rainx"
"i could not stand the smell of thi i threw it out after have it in my car for 5 minut"
"the mount bracket for these light suck the light are pretti bright but i have no use for it sinc i cant mount it nice"
"first thing i test wa how bright it wa next to a 55 watt regular halogen headlight thi led wa not even close im guess it might be half as brightproblem i measur the voltag and current at three voltag level first 1205v 134a that come out to 16147 watt next 1292v 124a is 16021 watt final 226v 072a is 16272 watt the voltag and current were measur at the same time for accuraci the built in dcdc convert is probabl about 90 effici at 90 the led are on get about 14645 watt when i compar each led in the bar by shine it 3 inch from sever surfac the 2 on the left are dimmer than the other the far left led is the dimmestsom compani will run there led a littl lower voltag to prevent burnout and increa life but thi mean they are not as bright as they should bealso the light wa most white but had yellow area in the spot the len wa scratch and there wa glue on the len and hous mine may have been a refurbish model"
"i could not get a pair that match or did not have some sort of qualiti issu i could not accept first pair had one light that had the plastic wrap glu to the len they are glu in i return one and order anoth the replac had a differ fin count on the hous and did not match the one i kept return both then place an order for anoth pair receiv the second pair and inspect the first one wa perfect the on one with a len that wa fulli seat open the second one on to find the len at least 14 inch from seat in the hous just return both ill tri anoth stylei will admit the one i test put out a strong beam and the price is cheap but the qualiti wa too cheap for me to keep i will agr with other review about the crappi bracket the provid screw bottom out on the light hous befor clamp the bracket to the hous also other review have mention about moistur in the light i could definit see thi with the crappi way the len is glu into the hous thi could be cure by ad sealer around the edg mayb super glue sinc that is what the mfg appear to use"
"i have an older chevi taho that is a work truck it ha develop a slight rough idl and i had hope thi royal purpl maxclean would help smooth it out it had a tuneup not long ago with new spark plug rotor wire etc and that didnt make much differ either so i have to assum mayb dirti or sticki injector i expect some differ base on the claim made for thi royal purpl fuel system cleaner but it made no differ at all i cannot detect ani differ in how the truck idl or run i think i wast my money mayb it work for certain other problem and might work for you but it is cost and no refund if it doesnt work either"
"i love royal purpl but no differ wish castrol gtx still made there that wa a differ"
"first let me start off by state that thi is an unbia review i purcha thi product from amazon unlik mani of the amazon vine product reviewersb an automot technician with an engin background i can not for the life of me recommend thi product to the gener consum make no mistak as other have claim the build qualiti of thi item is great but asid from the rest of the review there is one aspect i havent seen cover that must be addressedth output voltag is way too high for ani automot instal applic after instal the solar array i decid to take some read to see what kind of output i wa receiv befor finish the installfirst sunni day of april 74degr and locat in tnvoltag 242v in direct sunlightamp 03most 12v system recharg at a voltag rang between 132147v via the altern or batteri charger hook thi devic in with a 24v output even at low amp can caus the batteri to overcharg the ecu to throw an overvoltag check engin code or even wor fri the ecudev such as lawn mower troll motor four wheeler tractor etc that may not use or monitor batteri voltag may be better suit for use with thi although i would not recommend charg even those batteri at such a high voltag"
"i chose these sprayer for their chemic resist i use thi acid wheel cleaner in it which work veri well for clean wheel sinc it slight acid i want a robust sprayer thi sprayer work the first time but when i tri to use it a week later it wa complet clog what a piec of crap for thi price point"
"i purcha thi for a cleanout plug at our local restaur it wa a simpl pvc plug with a recess fit i thought thi tool would be great sinc we couldnt get it open i wa wrong first due to the fact that it wa liter in the floor the tool need to be manipul and reshap i did thi by bend the plastic after heat it up first with a heat gun i allow the plastic to cool for about 15 minut assur it wouldnt be soft now that it had the right shape i insert the end into the recess fit in the plug on to find that neither side wa a great fit one end wa way too larg the next wa about right but due to round corner made the product slide out and essenti warpstrip the fittingi believ at least one if not both of the other review as of april 24th are bs review i tri thi on simpl pvc i couldnt imagin thi thing open a brass plug that ha ani tight and perhap even seizur to it i final wound up get it open sinc it wa pvc by take my 2000 heat gun to it soften the plug at the thread and pri it out with a flathead which wa so quick and easi i wish i did thi in the first place"
"doesnt do what it promi that sum it up thi isnt a cheap piec of electron i purcha thi for one reason which wa claim by superchip the abil to turn off the tpm thi piec of junk doesnt do that doe it elimin one electron 34ping34 ye wa that worth 150 hell nothey claim they 34were work on it34 and it would be fix they havent done so if your jeep will still throw up the tire light it doesnt solv the tpm issu i dont care about elimin a singl 34ping34 to the tune of 150thi wa the worst purcha i have ever made for my jk becaus it 34locks34 to your specif jk it isnt return to ani store superchip should be asham they put thi piec of trash out to market with the market they did i am sure it doe some thing well but if you are adverti a function that it doesnt have that is a seriou problem"
"the trick to get it to adher and protect is ind to spray it thicker than you think howeverwhen they say it 34last about one year34 they mean it slowli degrad over time and look like paint is peel off"
"while i wa look for more griot garag microfib towel i happen across these i thought id give them tryth pro 1361 with free ship when i bought mine pretti good custom product review advert as extra thickth con tag that need to be cutoff the silk band edg are over thick i prefer a thinner hem edg not as thick fluffi as i expect in addit these are fluffi on on one side thi wa a surpriseclo thoughts6 of these cost less than 3 griot garag microfib towel have use griot garag microfib towel for year theyr better as the old say goe you get what you pay forim not sure im even go to use these i think theyr head to the donat box"
"these cap are design for both 434 and 4534 bumper but they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the other there are 3 finger that are suppo to grip the side of the bumper but it is just too tight for 434 bumper it would probabl work ok for a 4534 bumper but they need to make a version specif for 434 bumpersthi is unfortun as camco make some neat and uniqu stuff for the rver but thi product could use a bit of refin"
"i just purcha thi kit i went against my better judgement and didnt go with kensun thi time bad mistak the kit arriv and wa packag veri nice it seem like it wa gonna be a great qualiti product i prepar the vehicl for instal and when i went to plug the bulb into the ballast har one of the wire just slid out of the connector poor connect figur no big deal ill just tri the other bulb in the ballast that wa plug inwent to connect it and then anoth wire came apart just tragic qualiti go figur china but thi time it a garbag product from china i have had great luck with kensun their product are also chine but high qualiti steer clear of thi product look at and buy kensun product"
"my husband recent remodel and paint a merc benz e320 for my winter vehicl sinc we live in western new york where the winter are brutal i thought thi product would be help in keep my newli paint hood in pristin condit we follow the direct as direct and watch sever video over and over again becaus i did not want to make ani mistak after the hood wa pelt with snow sleet and salt from the road my hood look cloudi and it look like it had crack i wa extrem disappoint i wa so upset becaus it worri me if my hood would even come back to it origin condit befor the 3m paint defend wa appliedto remov thi stuff wa not an easi task my husband end up wet sand the hood and then buf it back to a high shine i will never consid use thi again i might think about the clear bra film option which is done by profess and is said to last 5 to 7ear the clear bra is more of a saranwrap fit hard film instead of spray on a finish on your car leav someth like thi to profess who have experi in the field and know which brand and product are worth invest in"
"let me make one thing perfect clear i have a veri nice shini black luxuri car i thought id check thi system out to see if it would help me keep my car shini and protect the finish the simpl answer is ye it will protect it but you wont like the way it look i test thi on a small part of my car hood first and it wa difficult to spray without dimpl then onc the finish is on it make my shini black car look like it is cover with gray film not at all what i want i think thi may just be a problem with shini jet black car and may be less visibl on other color i think it would protect the under finish but you just may not like the way it look"
"i dont care how good you are if you are ani sort of snob about thing look proper and or be done correct thi product is not for youi am one of those that usual here someon say someth doesnt work and think well they probabl did it wrong or in a rush thi is not one of those timesi have a hunch thi might work much much better on mayb a white car but dark color are definit out of the question in my book that is one of the reason i think there is a varianc on peopl that like it and peopl that dont anoth thing i think that i think is affect the review are the age of the paint job it be appli too i am posit most are skip have a truli clean and proper wax car when appli thislucki for me i did not appli thi to my own vehicl or i would not have been happi i have tri appli thi to a hood that is store in our garag becaus of what i read from other peopl it a deeper red color thi stuff never realli disappear i could see it on there tri to clean it off wa even wor i stop tri though i dont think that is a bad thing it is meant to stay on there i guess problem is if you no longer want it on there it will be a hasslei realli cant recommend thi stuff i do think it might work better on car color that typic dont show a lot of dirt like white or silver if your a perfectionist or have issu with the littl thing thi is realli not for you"
"the prep process for thi product requir a lot of attent and focu i had the impress that thi stuff would be pretti straightforward to appli and i suppo it is but it take more work than i anticipatedth result didnt realli match my expect either unfortun the product isnt quit as clear as adverti and isnt as durabl eitherlook perhap under perfect condit you can get the result they promi my real world experi wa differ"
"i wa realli look forward to put thi on my truck you have to appli it in warmer weather 65 if i recal so make sure to plan accordinglyin the end there a lot to do to tri to get thi right i didnt get it right the first time but wa abl to reset likewi a kit doesnt cover much it basic good for a front bra but youd need quit a few to say cover the hoodther also a ton of prep work but that kind of to be expectedi probabl wont use thi again it doe work but it such a pain that id rather just take it to a shop pay a bit more to have someon el do it and have a bit more confid in the applicationi receiv thi from the manufactur for test and review and have share my honest experi in thi review"
"thi stuff is difficult to appli near imposs to remov and doesnt leav a good finish stick with regular wax youll get a better longer last finish with much less work"
"i appli thi with the help of a mechan in hi shop to my fair new merc i wa hope it would work wonder sinc i put on ton of mile in florida it look terribl there are better option out there and i will not be appli thi to my other vehicl too much time is involv and the result are not impress"
"after read the review i decid to tri thi out on a paint powder coat basketb pole follow all the direct exact as recommend it look terribl and like everyon el is report it will not come off im veri happi i did not put thi on my car dont do it folk and dont come back here to complain if you do youv been warn"
"im a car buff and do most of my own mechan work and all my own detail we have a fair new accord 1 year old that i thought it might be nice to protect the front bumper on im familiar with the 3m clear bra system from profess and it is veri veri good but expen so here come what i think is the same product in a diy formatfirst you need to realli prepar the surfac for thi product not just wash the car but wash clay machin clean polish but not wax and make sure it is absolut babi butt smooth and that there is no dirt or debri resid on the surfac howev even after do all thi i still had dust on the surfac by time i mask off the rest of the front end so my first attempt wa way less then perfect so i thought ill just peel it off and tri again wrong the easi peel natur of thi product is a fiction it a mess to remov and will tri your patiencei threw the rest of the product away and figur if i realli want the protect id go to the profess and pay 300 for a 3m clear bra treatment which i understand is veri veri good and veri durabl some thing are just better left to the profess and thi fall squar into that categori for me"
"absorb great but doe not leav car spot free i will use thi until i find someth a lot better12242013 it been about two and a half month now and thi product absorb wor than a kleenex i wipe wring it out wipe repeat and it look as if it just rain on my car ive alway use leather chamoi in the past with no issu and now i am suffer from buyer remor"
"thi product isnt much better than a bucket of water if you car is rel 34clean34 befor you use thi product then i can mayb see use it for ani amount of dirt on the car beyond that it not worth use becaus the water get dirti too fast and begin to elimin the abil to take more dirt off the car you end up move dirt around on the car with a dirti cloth and dirti water think micro scratch on your clear coat if you have a newer car"
"what el can i say it is doa tri with gp tri with phone tri differ cabl and didnt work"
"mayb im a perfectionist no im reslli not or im just a klutz a real possibl but i have never been abl to get good result with anyth that wa suppo to keep my work area clean thi sand kit is no except i had a nice littl job line up for it pull out fill and sand the dent that i put in the rear of my honda crv frank i gave up tri to use the kit to smooth out the bondo and went unprotect it wa just so much easier and faster that way"
"doe it work ye but doe it work well enough to make a huge differ in how you go about a sand project nowhat you get a sand pad to hold special made disk a funki look funnel thing and a length of cheap light flexibl hose you are suppo to put these three thing togeth and let me tell you it is a pain to do the hose struggl to make a connect with the grip becaus the plug end is slight too big and you realli have to work to get it on at the other end you have a differ problem the hose is slight too big to make a secur connect and it easili dislodg it wa like a guy found thi stuff lie around and said hey look what i can make out of these three thingsonc you get it togeth you can not secur it to the vacuum unless it is alreadi run okay i can live with that but it is still kind of a kludg design get it all hook up and run and the hose shorten right up and lose much of it flexibilityon the work and it is suck up dust pretti well but it is a pain to work with all these limit in the design i find myself ditch thi contrapt and grab good old sandpaperthen when i am done i have to clean thi thing up and find a place to keep itbottom line is i will hold on to thi for now but i suspect that thi will end up in the trash at some point i certain would not recommend buy it it is not worth it"
"have to say i hate the way both of these smellth new car smell like burn electron and make me feel sickth leather well it is leather like but more like old worn slight moldi smell leatherin fact it doe smell veri much like a pair of 20 year old boot i have that ha been halfsol countless time it a comfort smell in an old boot not so much the car"
"thi automat outfit suk big time i went to the jeep dealer to get the link plug in just to make sure everyth wa right on the side of the box contain the link is a statement download the free automat app to get start i went to automaticcomapp web site and nowher could i find a download command for ani app i kept get shuffl back and forth to appl but could not find an app there either they have an alleg capabl to ask a question that got me anoth seriou runaround and no answer thi web site must have been design and built by a chimp thi whole oper is the most amateurish i have ever seen i call in some neighbor to see if they could make some sen of thi but to no avail i will readili admit that i may be overlook the obviou but i am not the on one if anyon know how to get thi link thingi to work plea fill me in do i need to dl an app or not if ye then how the way it is now it is not work and i see no connect to my iphon"
"automat is the smart drive assist that is suppo to help you be a more effici driver by monitor your drive qualiti and tell you how to improv in short thi is the most expen odb ii code reader you will find that ha such a limit set of featur i understand what they are tri to do keep it simpl and over it doe work as adverti i wa hope there wa more under the hood and discov that it is realli quit limitedin the box you get the white automat odb ii code reader dongl if youv never seen thi connector it is like under the dashboard of your car there isnt much el in the box other than a nice littl a sticker you can put on your window to let everyon know youv got the cool new automat in your car you will also need the iphon app call automat and an iphon 4s or later the reason thi wont work on an iphon 4 or earlier is becaus it use lowpow bluetooth a protocol not support on the earlier iphon unlik a bluetooth headset you dont need to pair thi with your iphon with the new protocol it just worksi instal the automat app on my iphon 5s first it wa a littl disappoint that it requir me to give my name email address and creat an accountlogin to their site to use the app there goe privaci right there whi cant it just tell me how i am drive without requir me to be regist on their sitewhen i first plug automat into my car i got a nice beep from the devic itself to let me know it wa plug in the automat app on my iphon now that i wa regist fail to find the devic i tri to plug and unplug a few time but eventu i forceclo the app doubl click the home button on the iphon and throw away the app and relaunch it on relaunch it found my dongleonc in the app it is fair simpl when you drive your car it will alert you if you do one of three bad thing hit the brake hard drive over 70 or have a hard accel if that happen a small sound will play and your driver score will get ding when you stop the car it will record your distanc mpg and a rough estim of the cost of that trip base on current ga price it also will maintain a cumul driver score the nice part about the app is that it essenti provid you a log of your drive while it run in the background of the iphon so you can look back on your drive historyth is also an engin statu page where you can see the statu of the engin and read ani code that may be thrown if your car ha a check engin light it can advi you what is wrong a problem with the vapor recoveri system might requir tighten the ga cap ye thi can save you a trip to the mechan but im not sure how mani other code are that simpleso whi on 3 starsfirst i wa hope that the drive statist would be more mean how about a graph of my accel over the trip car effici oxygen sensor etc in fact none of the intern sensor are brought out so i can view them much less log over time all of thi data is aggreg into my driver score i can buy a reader for my car that cost less than thi and will link with my laptop to provid live car readout i get that thi isnt their target market but they are charg a lot more for thi than their competit it just softwar so whi not provid an advanc screen with live engin statu readout whi not log speed data it just doesnt do that muchsecond there are plenti of highway where the speed limit is abov 70 whi not let me custom thi limit thi devic is not go to be use in place with higher speed limitsthird i didnt mention it in my review but there is a crash assist featur that i am dubiou about it say it will get me assist in case of a crash use an acceleromet in the devic whi not use the acceleromet in my car or use airbag deploy as a proxi how do i know if it is tune right will an accid kick set it off and who monitor the crash system my home alarm system is monitor by a ul approv monitor compani gener motor ha onstar i have no idea what sort of backend system automat ha monitor crash alert and what kind of load it can handl not to mention they dont know my cell phone number if i am in a crash how will the polic contact me how will i let them know it a fal alarm the app and websit are realli spar on thi dataso conclus in short it doe work if your check engin light is on it will tell you the code and let you reset it but a 15 reader will do that it will alert you if you make 3 drive error accel too fast drive too fast or brake too sudden but even then the drive too fast wont let you custom it for the roadba on the data theyv given me so far i have littl confid in crash alert it even say beta and i am sore disappoint that for 100 i cant view engin statu sensor or anyth el in my car at the veri least allow me to log accel data on the drive3 star the hardwar seem to work but the softwar ha a long way to go to justifi the priceupdateaft use thi for 2 week go on a long car trip and drive through a congest citi i am updat thi to 2 star as i am remov it from my car and put it away until automat relea a seriou softwar updat it is beyond useless i drove down i95 to richmond where the speed limit is 70 as soon as i hit the speed limit it start beep at me veri distract while drive as i said befor if you cant even drive the speed limit without get your driver score ding what is the point i also had a car in front of me stop short i slam my brake and got beep at again i dont know what the folk at automat expect me to do when a sudden obstacl is in front of my car but i fear the beep alarm could caus me to get startl and have a real accidentmi hope for thi devic were that it would be like the priu in term of driver feedback i dont own one but ive driven one and notic the live readout of your mpg you learn to slowli appli the accel and how exact to drive to maxim fuel economi it is a live readout of everyth that is what automat could have done live readout dure a drive instead i get a binari deci on 3 factor two of those factor can be violat for normal reason that have noth to do with bad drive habit and the distract alarm could caus a real accid the on feedback i get dure a drive itself is a rotat icon that let me know a drive is in progress serious no other live displaymeanwhil by hide all engin sensor data there are real thing like dirti air filter and low tire pressur that could be report and could realli help fuel economi but automat ignor thi data from the car computerseri i do not recommend thi devic"
"thi product doe exact what it say it doe i plug it into the obdii port on my 2004 bmw m3 and it link up to my iphon 5 took three tri but it workedproblem 1 unavoid it requir you to leav a doggl plug into your obdii port my port is just abov my clutch pedal and there is a littl door that swing down when the doggl is plug in thi caus my foot to bang into the open obdii port door when i use the clutch thi is unaccept to me i guess i could rip off the doorproblem 2 the doggl emit a tone whenev a threshold is reach either speed accel or break the tone cannot be turn off it come from the doggl not the iphoneproblem 3 you cannot adjust the threshold for exampl it emit a tone when you exceed 70 mph thi is ridicul everyon drive over 70 mph even my 94 year old grandmoth everyon the accel and break tone are similar set with veri low threshold the inabl to adjust the threshold coupl with the inabl to turn off the incess tone will lead me to remov thi from my carproblem 4 it strive to tell you how much each trip cost you but doe not give you the abil to input the price of ga thi make the readout complet unreliableth whole point of thi seem to be to prompt your to get better mileag there is also a function to send a text messag if you are in a major crash presum that mean the airbag deploy it is a giant nag and the inabl to custom ani of the threshold make it pretti useless to me it wa constant beep at me after three day of drive with it i have learn to simpli ignor the tone that defeat the purposeupd after leav thi attach to my car for two day of nonus i have a dead batteri never had a dead batteri befor in thi car and often leav it for a week or more without use so i am blame thi devic"
"i love techno gadget but thi is a 10000 dollar toy and noth more the featur are veri limit on the devic and most of them i alreadi have on my car sinc it on a coupl year old thi wa fun to play with for one day but then i wa over it if your realli a gearhead you might get a littl more entertain from it but i doubt it save your money"
"the zubi ha so much potenti just think about all the other behavior that when monitor and track improv result fit diet relationship programsth list goe on so whi wouldnt you want to know about your car and drive habit the unit plug neat into the cpuscann port in the car in our volvo it right next to the hood relea lever instal wa liter a snap it lock on and activ within a short drive around the neighborhood and immedi began compil result i will say that a lot of the result are kind of duplic of most modern day onboard system if your car ha a mileag comput and nav a lof of stuff is be done for you alreadi although perhap not display in such a neat roll up dashboard fashionshould you pay 99year for thi the on glimmer of a possibl is if you have money to burn and a teenag driver you want to monitorperson i hate modern conveni that requir subscript fee gp with realtim traffic locat devic what is the valuead here that justifi shell out a big chunk of chang will you save 99 in car insur premium for becom safer driver ga fill up from drive more efficientlythat a leap of faith when you add in the murki aspect of not know whatwhyhow your person drive info will be use it seem to me that thi is a bad buy if it were a one time 99 fee id reconsiderbut annual thank but no thank"
"im glad i read the privaci polici and term of use befor i tri instal thi key and app first off updat to the privaci polici are on announc on the privaci polici page along with the date those chang were made zubi doesnt send out email if they make the privaci polici even more intrus than it alreadi is here are some of the highlight zubi can collect the the locat of your car and cell phone includ when the primari driver is within 500 feet of your car zubi collect your facebook profil includ friend and their contact inform for the purpo of send them zubi ad at the end of your contract your credit card is automat charg again presum with no remind or notic all thi inform will be given when zubi is present with law request from govern agenc no mention of subpoena or court order requir from said govern agenc which beg the question doe the nsa have stock in the compani zubi can sell your inform to third parti vendor or partner includ adverti thi one is copi and past direct from section 10 of zubi term of use i couldnt make thi up if i tri and the allcap are by zubi not me the servic includ all materi and servic avail through the servic are provid on an 8220a is8221 and 8220a available8221 basi without warranti of ani kind either express or impli includ but not limit to impli warranti of merchant or fit for a particular purpo or the warranti of non8209infr without limit the forego we make no warranti that a the servic will meet your requir b the servic will be uninterrupt time secur or error8209fr c the result that may be obtain from the use of the servic will be effect accur or reliabl or d the qualiti of ani product servic or inform purcha or obtain by you from the servic from us or our affili will meet your expect or be free from mistak error or defectsif your will to sign away all the abov right and more check to make sure the devic will work in your area the zubi key use tmobil cellular servic when i ask zubi they said the coverag actual look good both are show good or excel coverag for the zubi devic zubi doe offer a a 30 day return polici as wellwhen check with the tmobil coverag map it show my area and at least 20 mile around my town doe not have coverag sinc i wasnt will to sign away my privaci right i never instal the zubi but i do have more faith in the tmobil coverag map than zubi promi given the denial of warranti on their term of use in section 10"
"i have alreadi been test a similar deviceautomat link smart drive assistantbut there were some thing i didnt care for with that devic so when vine offer me the zubi i wa definit interest to tri it out howev at a veri expen 99year subscript price it pretti hard for me to recommend thi over the automat which doe not come with a similar requir for use other review have talk about the privaci concern and it seem that thi devic realli would on be worth consid if you are a parent wish to track the drive habit of your teenag driver while thi devic doe have some clear benefit over other such as track your activ even when you dont have the app run the cost of enrol is just way too much for what i get with it when there are other similar devic that dont come with the same requir"
"ive been with amazon sinc they were just sell book and ive been read review for a veri long time in fact ive read enough review over the year to becom suspici of the valid of some if warrant that said i am high suspici of mani of the five star rate thi devic is receiv and it give me pausethat said i receiv thi devic not complet know what i wa get there are sever devic out there that do the same thing without a subscript 99 a year are you kid me and without the privaci issu thi devic seem to be famou for i care read all their onlin document some folk may care less about privaci and that fine im not over concern about it myself but after read their document there no way im sign on for thi or pay them 99 for their serviceif you dont mind them track you and store all your inform and you dont mind pay them 99 a year to do that and you dont mind who el receiv that inform then go ahead and jump in im not"
"thi product smell noth like 34new car34 but is not unplea the fresh on last a few day my chief complaint about thi is that it is not so much an odor elimin but more of a sen of smell eliminatoraft use the product as direct and get use the vehicl the next day i notic that the tip of my tongu wa numb and that my sen of smell wa diminish while in the car and for a coupl of minut after leav the car i cross check thi by blind test my wife and a friend of mine and they both had the same numbnessdeaden on their tongu and reduc sen of smelli use meguiar product frequent and love the nonaerosol spray odor elimin and will continu the use of that product but never again will i use thi product"
"im a pretti big fan of meguair product i jump on thi one as soon as i saw it avail it easi to use and doe the job problem the after smell of the product is less than favor it veri strong and while it not terribl it far from pleasant if they got a better fragranc id be will to tri that one thi 34new car34 smell is far from it and far from good"
"ok what market guy dream thi stuff up there are mani wheel cleaner on the market from all the usual suspect the best manag to remov brake dust and other grung pretti effect with a bit of scrub and do it without harm clear coat and other alloy wheel finish the key is to get the job done but do no harm the best seem to be the cleaner from armor all and abov all el sonax and p21sfor starter thi dub stuff smell downright weird like cheap perfum and tropic fruit cocktail from a 1980 fern bar then there is the color gimmick what with that i definit do not want my recent refinish alloy to turn technicolor green and red while im wash my car and then the litani of warn which all do make me wonder how gentl thi stuff will be and what damag it will do if use regular a coupl of time a weekand the result on stubborn grimi wheel not on par with the top three name abov not by a long shotth verdict one star for creativ albeit misguid anoth star for result i know of no good reason to buy thi product beyond curio about a multicolor pina colada scent wheel cleaner what the heck"
"thi ha a terribl smell that realli linger awhil it goe on green and turn rust red after about 5 minut then you wash it all off it work well on my wheel to remov the surfac dirt and brake dust without scrub but i would have gotten the same effect with a light scrub with a wheel brush it did noth to remov small bit of road tar but they came off easili with a light brush no damag but not realli worth the effort"
"warn againburgundi color runswash out by hand as it will take mani mani wash to get the red outnot worth ithav been a big fan of zwipe for some timeam on my second bulk packag of zwipe regular microfib cloth in pastel color purcha them at amazon48 zwipe for under 23price and color wise thi is the way to goth burgundi waffl weav zwipe are target for stemwar they did a fine job on glasswar mirror and comput screen in our homei also find the regular zwipe to be just as effect especi when newwhen i purcha ani zwipe i design half the color for water and windex clean and the other half for polish with wax etcmachin wash with no fabric soften and you are clean well and save the environ"
"know that red item might bleed i decid to put the towel in a sink of water to see what happen oh my gosh these towel fade bad i left them soak a while wrung them out ad more hot water let them soak againthey fade more i repeat thi process one more time then wrung the towel out let them dri i decid to handwash a coupl of them so i soap them up ran hot water on them i couldnt believ that the water wa even redder than befor im wonder if theyll ever stop fadingth two i handwash were use for gener hous clean they did a good job dust absorb water keep surfac lint free i will dedic some for glasswar use but might bleach them to hope stop the color bleedbecaus of their waffl weav textur the towel measur about 12 shorter all the way around than adverti they can be stretch to the adverti sizezwip waffl weav towel perform like microfib should but i cannot recommend the burgundi color"
"most basic these are microfib towel so there no much to say they are small thing absorb liquid etc i didnt find ani featur that make them particular notabl the price is okay for a six pack but the fray edg let you know that these are fair cheapli manufacturedi use these for dri so it not like the color rub off howev if you soak these they will bleed into the water it best to wash these in the sink if you dont want your laundri to end up vagu burgundi coloredth towel are fine but not great the fact that i have to wash them separ is suprem annoy id look elsewh if your in the market for a microfib towel"
"thi zwipe set come with veri nice squeegeestyl blade as well as a singl hand towel the blade doe a great job of get most of the water off of my car it is soft enough that i dont worri about damag to my paint it remov water in streakfr fashion and then your readi to finish up with the towelth towel isnt so stellar it didnt seem to hold much water and more import it left blue fuzz on my car small pill of fuzz appear after everi few wipe when i got done my clean car wa dot with littl blue piec of the towel i guess ill have to get out the blower and blow them awaywhil i give thumb up to the squeeg ani towel that leav a mess on my car isnt someth id buy again"
"veri thin materi not veri warm at all barley break the wind and on a cold day is pretti much useless not for winter sport"
"ok i have to admit the price of thi item did not have my expect unfair high it is a straight tube neckfac cover with a whimsic lower skull imag on both front and back materi is stretchi and easili pull up over the face howev the materi doe not 34breath34 veri well and conden from your breath build up moistur on your face and will steam up glass if you wear them even sunglass and open goggl there is no hem around either end of the tube guess a strecthi thread wa not consid and the materi ha start to fray a bit for the price thi is a cute novelti item but not what i realli need it for i have spent a few more buck on a better qualiti one and await that one to see if it work better with the conden issu as for thi seller be awar that thi is an intern order china i suspect although it is not list in the post thi equat to a veri delay deliveri date exceed the estim deliveri date consid if you want a 34novelty34 item that you arent go to wear long thi one is ok if you want one you can wear for wind and cold protect without a lot of conden build up on your face spend a few buck for a better one"
"i would not buy thi product again it doe what it should but if i had to do it again i would just stick with detal microfib towel from vikingcobra"
"bought thi for my spare tire on my util trailer veri inexpen cheap flimsi and loo fit seem like it can be broken off easili will probabl end up get a cabl lock thi devic doesnt realli give me a sen of secur i suppo for on five buck you get what you pay for"
"the size measur provid are a bit disingenu the funnel is 10 long but the section that compri the tubular section is on 6 long it state that the funnel is 4 x 4 but in realiti the open for the funnel is 214 in diamet at the widest pointit would work to put a quart contain of a liquid into someth but for ani larger contain it is go to be worthless"
"i am use thi on a curt receiv and the length is perfect it appear to be of high qualiti construct with a bit if weight to it and thi design prevent ani rattl on bumpi road my on complaint is that it get rust buildup insid the lock mechan after a few month so you need to clean it periodicallyupdatea great deal of dirt ha found it way into the lock mechan so i guess the fit is not secur like it should be also it is now rust which i find a bit odd in all stainless construct i see the head design ha chang base on the new pictur here so mayb the issu is fix now"
"i am a car rv detail guy my car and rv must be shine new all the time i thought i had found the best shine wax protect use an rv wax call protect with uv inhibitor in it prior to tri thi flagship wax and use it for year and it did the job and noth el on the market so i thought wa go to top it for fiberglass i use mcguir fiberglass restor and that did the most amaz remov of oxid on an older rv i restor back to new so i knew it had to be good and tri iti ad revi review to end of origin review on thi pagewel after appli thi flagship wax to my alreadi clean and shini rv it took the shine to a whole higher level 1st off it doe go on easi onc on it stay kind of moist like but dri soft like but it come off nice then i follow with 2nd dri cloth to make sure it complet off and shini and it doe come off easi and it doe clean finish up leav a nice shini glaze surfac but you need to chang up rag often becaus it cake and smear if you donti read review on amazon which entic me to give it a tri one said dont let dri ani longer then 3 min and bottl claim same thi is veri true i am so plea at resultsth biggest improv wa the nice gold paint bottom of the motorhom where the paint look good befor but now the paint look glaze shini and rich like i never wa abl to get thi high a shine befor it also doe not cling to plastic window or rubber everyth it touch it come off of leav a high shine on it so i use it on everythingnow thi is my revi review as of august 2013 after use thi and like it at 1st i found it will continu to bead but water streak seem to stick and stay on wax surfac on fiberglass even wash wont remov them easi so i went back to use protect on my rv it shine as well but also the water streak are minim after a rain and wash off easieri also find the protect brand wax to last long and come off cleaner after appli wax leav a cleaner shinemak it far easier to do a big rv in less time then flagship wax i found flagship to be caki thick and harder to remov and have to constant get fresh rag to make it easi to get offso we tri it like it at first but then a week or so later found the flagship to not be as good as what i use for year in the protect brand i love mcguir product most time"
"i use thi for a while though hollow plastic i felt it wa design to hold a camper from roll and it did one day i forgot to remov it when pull out and it seem to take veri littl pressur move forward to flatten it like a pan cake so i though my 50000 invest may be better serv with a heavi duti galvan wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistak and let me know it hold solid if i ever did again roll forward over it"
"on fair not veri durabl and do not fulli secur the trailer spend the extra and get the xblock and or the fastaway we now use both fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in"
"the 34feet34 on thi bar slide off the truck bed side and make it worthlesswhen the ratchet is extend the mechan for that end up out of arm reach when stand outsid the truck"
"bit of a let down here from all the review i thought mayb my search for the perfect nozzl would come to an end it didnt the sequenc of spray pattern on thi nozzl is not what you are use to sure it ha a uniqu abil to produc a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect but when switch between pattern it pass most through variou stream of concentr water that dench anyth in it way if you are tri not to splatter mud creat crater or wash away fesh plant seed thi is not your nozzl mayb it make more sen on car"
"you are better off go to your local depart store and buy the craftsman brand nozzl instead it is ident to thi one except the green part is silver and it come with a lifetim replac guarant unlik thi bonair one it also about the same pricethat said i prefer a trigger type nozzl becaus to turn thi off you have to rotat it sever revolut and then it doesnt rememb the spray set you were at thi type of nozzl may be good if your hold it for a long period of time water your garden or someth like that but for wash your car when you on turn the water on period it doesnt work as well as a trigger type hose nozzl"
"when look at these product simpli calcul the actual cost per squar foot for exampl thisspeak kit contain 138 squar feet for around 22 buckspric fluxuat like it a stock or somethingcan u think of anyth that worth 15 dollar a squar foot there are so mani cheaper altern dynamat is an awsom product and it doe work but for those of us not made of money search thi butyl flash tape u will be glad u did"
"i return becaus it is just too much work to instal and i find it hard to believ they would make much differ"
"doe not make a notic enough differ in sound qualiti to justifi it cost i instal it insid of my door use the roller and lot of elbow grea all part of the dynamat that i instal have good contact with the metal i would return thi but it is stuck to my car door"
"youd better trust your jack stand if you have ani intent of get under your cari thought these were a good option but i chang my mind after receiv themfor whatev reason justifi or not i felt uneasi see how much they rattlei decid to take my car to the mechan and end up never use them i forgot to return them and then it wa too lateso two star becaus they do not inspir me ani confid"
"the first time i use it out of the box one stand neck is broken i decid thi brand is the one i should avoid and let my friend know it"
"bad product wrong weld it on weld insid but not out sideso is not recomend to use it under car plea dont make my mistak is not weld rightthi item have to be weld in both side insid and out site not on insideth pin or second safeti pin is not good at all it move and doe not hold the post right it like noth so doe not make sen to have it torin want to send it back everi year for annual inspectionbut they dont pay for sh thi shoul be 1 ton not 3 ton with thi weld formmi item look use not new look like some one use it and return and then they sent them to me the up drop it to the floor caus i have a gate so be awar of up they dont care if they brake it"
"fram ha a horrif histori of manufactur oil filter that fail their filter leak and do a poor job at filter impur there are websit devot to discuss oil and oil filter and fram product are near univ critic and avoid there are also video onlin that investig fram oil filter and they are near all univ negativepurol wix napa mann mahl are some qualiti filter fram are the worst filter and you are risk harm your bike"
"thi devic attach secur to the tow vehicl but at a costthey are cumbersom to attach and detach with sever move part and the potenti to scratch the tow vehicl paint dure either process if you dont have three hand availableto attain the secur vibrat free fit you must crank down on the ratchet web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attach to the window channel it also deform the rubber window sealfoam pad protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwi rub on the bodi but if the area isnt meticul clean beforehand i can see where it would dull the paint over timebecaus of the metal claw part that fit into the window channel rai and lower the window caus a screech sound on my driver side windowfin when they are detach from the door they make for a veri bulki awkward devic that doesnt store conveni or compact in the vehicleim send them back"
"thi is a piec of junk the strap stretch the plastic clip slip off while tighten and the dam thing fall off while drive tri to get the type that slide over the exist mirror and have a plastic screw in the back to hold it on they do work well"
"1 the view surfac of the 8 inch mirror is exact 75 inch wide and 225 inch high2 i tri adjust of the mirror without mount it the ball joint on the mirror arm are so tight that adjust is extrem difficult to near imposs wd40 did not work neither did work the joint around to loosen them up3 so if you tri to adjust the mirror after it mount you risk stress the mount button glue and the button may fall off4 when adjust the mirror the daynight button kept flip onoff veri annoying5 the mirror surfac itself is veri good no rippl"
"i gave these thing a 2 star rate becaus we have 8 set of them instal on our counti patrol car not sure what the issu is but the bulb are burn out at a pretti often rate i just had one offic tell me both hi light burnt out last night 01232014 mayb the 130 watt bulb is just get too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulb within a year time hope kc read thi and can do someth about that issu other than that they are a great power light that reach out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you be safe and mayb look for anoth type of light that will give you longer servic life befor you spend the money on these"
"i use it on decentlook leather seat of a 2003 toyota siennai bought both the cleaner and the condit and use them as describ even if they did what they are suppo to do i did not realiz that it ha not made a differ appearancewisehop the treatment will help keep them aliv longer do i regret buy them no i do not"
"i got thi lexol leather ph cleaner spray offlin at a local auto part storeand i am glad i didi start clean my car and the first thing i notic is the citru smell sudden half through clean the passeng front seat the sprayer broke at thi point the white clean rag i wa use wa still white and given i had not clean the seat in month i just return itso i went onlin and after much research orderedgriot garag 11259 leather care spray kit well the griot cleaner clean old grime of the leather seat i had clean with the lexol cleaner a week earlieri have use a varieti of leather cleaner over the year and in my experi thi one doe absolut noth"
"i use both the cleaner and the condit as describ but they did not make a differ on decent look leather seat in my 2003 sienna if they made a differ i have not realiz iti do not regret buy these i hope they will add to the life of the leather seat even though i have not observ a chang in appear"
"the jack stand fell with noth on them when i bare shook them made in china junk wast of time if you valu your life buy american jack stand"
"i order and paid for next day air becaus i need it thi weekend it arriv but it wasnt what i order i order a pair of jack stand i receiv an engin hoist leveleri understand mistak happen but it wa the way the return ha been handl that i have issu with up drop it off but i have to take it to the post offic to send it back and i wasnt told if theyll wait to ship the right order until they receiv thi back via the slowest mail servic so i have no idea when the replac order will arriv a week two weeksthi wasnt my mistak or even a defect product thi wa human error on their part they should have told me theyd immedi ship the replac next day like i order so far im left hang should i go out local and get what i need and then end up with an extra set should i hold off a day becaus theyr come next day i dont know and that the point and that whi i gave them one star"
"i use thi on my pickup truck becaus i had been get some hard start and rough idl and decrea fuel economi for about the past 6 month i have notic about a 2mpg drop in fuel economya coupl of my friend have use thi stuff and claim success so i gave it a shot i ad a can to the fuel tank and half a can each to the crankca and air intak let it sit and drove it around it smoke like crazi as promisednow anecdot i do think it smooth out my idl and i havent had a hard start but there is noth i can quantifi and i am not sure that the improv are not all psycholog i think my truck run better if i wax it my use also coincid with the end of winter so the oper temperatur can account for the improv too i did not see an improv in mpgso if thi is where my stori end id say give it a go if it work great if not you didnt lose too muchbutth second tank after use thi i got a o2 sensor code and had to replac a downstream sensor to be fair the truck ha 100k and thi could just be the natur lifespan of the sensor sinc i had alreadi notic a drop in mpg the sensor wa like on it way out at the same time i think it is rather interest that it fail less than 300 mile after use thi product when ive been drive around with the diminish mpg for sever thousand mile my person belief is that the big blast of smoke just push a fail sensor over the edgeso no i wont use thi stuff again most peopl have had fine luck but it not worth the risk for me"
"i have use both can of thi product on differ car the product result in a tremend amount of emiss be spew into the air when suck into the vacuum system as describ in the articl i read about the product befor purcha it in addit to creat air pollut and draw angri stare from neighbor i am simpli not convinc the product is effect"
"i use thi for year on my car dash and other vinyl area of the interior i alway thought it work and protect pretti well although it doe evapor on to the insid of the windshield which is annoy it also doesnt seem to last veri long and as it start wear off the dash look veri dryiv sinc found303 aerospac protect 32oz and that work much better it doesnt seem to exhibit ani of the afor issu ie it doesnt seem to go on to the insid of the windshield and the shine last longer it also protect from uv just as well if not better note that vinylex contain silicon which actual damag the vinylplast over timeim definit sold on 303 protect over vinylex now although i realli like the lexol ph leather cleaner and lexol leather condit for my leather"
"thi thing leak on first use the hose are not tight and the brake fluid leak everywh under my hood lucki i put 3 towel around the brake fluid tank becaus i knew thi would happen will not buy thi again"
"there is no swivel between the cap the tube and the bottl in other word when you screwunscrew the cap onto the car brake fluid contain there will be kink on the tube itself untangl the kink is a chore becaus the bottl is both quit big and heavi when it is fill with brake fluid they should have design with some quickconnectdisconnect like the compressor air hose that would be an ideal solut but i guess it will add to the cost for ad that featur howev i doubt that it would cost much becaus i brow through the airho connector at harbor freight and they run typic a coupl of buck each i might modifi thi bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem"
"the qualiti of the bleeder is awesom howev it will take hour upon hour if you plan on actual use thi product to bleed your car brake fluid you are far better off either use a buddi to pump the brake and you open the bleeder valv and then press the brake in 510 time and then close the bleeder valv and repeat as necessari you get a higher amount of fluid out each time than use thi bleeder after squeez the top on it manag to keep 14 psi 145 recommend for by vw mechan manual which liter push out 10 drop everi minuteif you arent too sure how to bleed brake as i state abov just go on youtub and youll see what i am talk aboutalso the bleeder bottl you can find on amazon as an item frequent bought with thi item is worth the money"
"these test lead were way too wimpi for automot use ifter a coupl of them pull apart then i just threw the rest of them out low grade product"
cheep
"ye they are wire lead with allig clip so if that your on standard for give them a good ratingotherwi tri to use these as jumper wire in electr work is useless sinc they have so much resist due to the veri small gaug wire and shoddi connect they make good clip for hang paper lol"
"these thing give off a pretti wide pattern for be so small they could be a tad bit brighter but they are a fog light which is exact what i need light feel well made and sturdi the wire har is veri well made wire is of good qualiti and is fair long howev the load wire that goe from the switch to the relay wa not long enough and need to be extend for my need the switch that come with the kit is realli nice and ha an led activ light that red when the light are off and greeen when the light are turn on but i wont be use itedit crap light start to leak seem like the weather strip insid around the len is way too big and doesnt seal right took the light off my front bumper and put them on my rear bumper to use as rever light sinc they didnt give me the light output desir after almost of week of be on my rear bumper they fill up complet with water even wor than they did on my front bumper and one len also crack go to contact the compani or seller to see if i can get a replac len read all review befor purcha these light are not the greatest"
"i mount these on the bumper of my ford f250 they are about 24 off the ground not too close to the pavement by ani mean the hous start to leak within a week or two of be instal i remov the light and tri seal with black silicon but they still leak perhap becaus of the leak the chrome start flake off within a few week i now have veri good look light which leak produc near no help light and wont stay aim in the direct i angl them"
"these thing are burn our right and left we have these instal in 8 of our patrol car and they dont seem to last more than a few month be care if you order the kc light with the 130 watt bulb the light reach out as good as ani ive ever seen but the qualiti of the bulb leav much to be desir"
"veri well construct but it ha a design flaw that make it useless the intern plunger ha a disc with a slot and the t handl need to engag the disc perfect or the rod push into the grea and not the disc so the grea doe not load proper i have 4 other standard grea gun and these work perfect but i want the pistol grip so i could pump with one handi have not idea what the intend purpo is in have the rod disengag from the plunger disc as thi is uniqu in my experi to the lincoln grea gun"
"hard to appli and veri hard to take off thi will go in the back of the suppli cabinet and on be use when i am out of p21 you definit get what you pay for in thi case"
"mayb it just me but i didnt see much differ i have a 2010 370z that i babi and decid after three year it might be time to detail the finish as i said i babi the darn thing so it garag kept and pretti clean to start with i follow the long involv instruct written by one of the experienc review to the letter i decid to just do the hood and then cleanwax the rest of the car for comparison i could see some differ in the hood it wa definit a higher gloss but not a differ that ani one el would notic mayb it would be more notic in an older car with fade paint but i wouldnt wast time do thi again"
"thi is a plastic sandwich type holder for the flat 4 wire connector not on did my connector fit loo and tilt at an angl as a result but the holder did not have a proper channel to fit the cover for the 4 wire connector i just bought the channel provid for the cover is veri small and is evid applic specif thi wa a wast of money i had to buy a differ mount bracket from a trailer place"
"im not shock that there were no wire even though the pictur show wire but i am surpri that the dust cover which appear to be integr in the pictur is not includ all that in the packag is the clamp itself and some selfdril sheetmet screw mayb ill check back some day and see that the pictur ha been chang or the descript ha been updat to reflect realiti in which case ill chang the number of star but for now im knock two star off for the decept ad and anoth star for the product realli be a fair cheap piec in my opinion the piec isnt a great valu the price is at best on fair and yeah i know were not review price but it a cheaplymad product which lack finish i think the bottom side couldv been solid instead of have the expo rib and i think the includ screw which appear to at least be stainless shouldv come with appropri washer to distribut the load on the plastic"
"i bought thi becaus amazon suggest that it should be bought along with the brake control there is no need for it at all as the brake control mount just fine with the includ hardwar"
"not sure whi but my thi adapt doesnt light up to do the check as it is suppo to i think it is my suv audi that doesnt support just the led to verifi oper i kept it anyway as it work fine with the trailer and all the light work"
"i got these to use on my leather cloth and car seat veri cheapli made the white lint from the pad come off and is a mess to pick up from leather cloth and car seat go to dollar store and get microfib cloth"
"i use thi product on the rear of my disc brake calib and it wa a big wast of timedid not push in the pistoni had to use a 6in cclamp which work out pretti welllisl disc brake pad spreader lis24400"
"the tool work great on the first set of pad went to do the other side and the thread rod broke loo from the knob not recommend"
"im buck the trend of favor review herei do give it two star becaus it doe go on easi smell decent and ha excel clean capabl the towel came out more black than with other product which i assum indic it is remov a lot of oxid black rubbertrimunfortun thi product doe not last i cover all the rubberplast on my car two thorough coat let it soak insettl for a day then wash it to get the overwipestreak of nearbi bodi panel etc the meguiar 40 wash complet off it wa left wor than befor i use the product the finish remain wa also veri splotchi and look bad even some interior part that i appli 40 to were most wipe clean after just wipe with a damp towel use to pick up accumul dustdirt it remain splotchi where there were minor nick scratch in the plasticrubb where more 40 had absorbedover i wa veri unsatisfi with the result im not go to say it is the worst product i have ever use but other that i use are far and away better these includ 303 aerospac protect which is a veri mild waterba product which also doesnt last but is better than thi meguiar product and ha almost no sheenmi previou stapl and which i recommend most is actual armor all origin i purcha a guru report analysi on these type of product sever year ago and wa surpri that thi old product wa one of the two bestincategori product along with zaino among over 50 that were test armor all origin not other formul is veri low sheen and also last sever wash it is also about 14 the price or less and avail everywhereim go back to armor all origin and recommend that you tri it as it perform better than boutiqu product i would also recommend that you use waterba product on perman trim rubber etc as the solventpetroleumba one have a tendenc to degrad the rubberplast over time these may be ok for replac item like tire or part that are sever oxid you can gener tell the differ in that waterba product are milki color while the petroleumba one are clear i do like meguiar hot shine for sever problem but not thi product"
"dont buy thi product i bought it for my 2010 toyota corolla becaus you need a special tool for the oil filter hous the put where you insert the wrench into broke on the first turn wast of money at least amazon let me return it broken"
"3 things1 spring is cheep and instal incorrect snap on unpack so i had to twist it to place it the right better way and twist the end toward insid more becaus spring is made of cheep metal that bend like aluminum2 size is too big for regular car filter toyotashondasmotorcycl etc mayb a 5lite for 3500 util van will have enough filter diamet for thi to fit around or a huge suv or a pickup truck3 remov on doe not work the other way around to tight the filter"
"i had thi thing for a few month and it work realli well for take off oil filter it on made it through like 3 or 4 filter until the spring broke though i dont recommend buy it"
"i think thi wa my fault for not read everi line of the descript befor buy i saw word like wide rang and univ and bite teeth what i miss wa that it work from 3 18 to 3 78 inch i am sure ill use it just not as much use as id hope it would get"
"when i first got it the wrench did work howev it wa never that easi to use due to need to be flare out first to fit over the filter at some point i lost the spring not sure whi it could even detatch and then it wa render complet useless end up buy a coupl of the larg socket look one that come in three size to fit common filter theyr a bit cheaper but i had to buy multipl so they end up cost more but they also work easili everi time"
"tool feel sturdi and like it would help but end up be a useless tool in the arsen i wouldnt recommend thi sinc you can hand tighten the oil filter if you use a textur one like the purol"
"ive use my mityvac 7201 less than 10 time i have treat it veri care as i do all my stuff but still it work poor for meth selector valv that you use to switch between evacuatingdispen is ridicul difficult to oper i cant just push or lift my selector valv to oper it no i have to twist it while pushingpul like a madman and hope i dont break anyth includ my finger i wa abl to loosen it up somewhat by spray the valv with siliconeteflon spray and oper it repeated but 1 it still not easi to oper and 2 i shouldnt have to do thatth expand plug that must be expand to evacuatedispen or remov to pour fluid out is ridicul difficult to remov it just a poorfit deviceth tube connector where the main evacu tube enter the top of the unit leak when i put it in dispen mode i had to pay over 27 to get a replac tube connector kit 822566 sinc my unit is out of warrantyaft replac the tube connector and tri dispen mode again i found that the top plate leak i had not notic thi befor but it explain whi it alway took so much pump when i evacu oil when i use it in dispen mode now the main tube doesnt leak anymor but air and oil come out from under the top plate i remov the top plate and sure enough look ma no seal it would be bad enough if the seal had mere fail but for the seal not to be includ in the first place is inexcus becaus i didnt notic thi problem sooner the seal 822821 is cost me an addit 13 includ a ridicul 875 fee for shippingnow ive ad not replacedad the top seal and while do a test i can hear that the unit leak air at the top of the pump assembl i give up on thi thingthi would be a great practic joke if it didnt cost me so much money"
"if it work it work pretti good chanc are you will get one with a miss o ring though sever peopl on car forum i am a member of receiv defect item includ myself i call custom servic after multipl email went unansw i told them i think it wa miss an o ring becaus it would not hold a vaccum they said yep it might be and that wa it no we will get one right out to you or ship it back for an exchang they were veri rude i just seal it with some gasket maker and it work now but look terribl i would go with a differ unit with beter qualiti control"
"use thi tool to remov my fuel line on a fuel filter changeomg i wa under the truck for over a hour wrestl with it eventu the tool broke what a piec of junk i order the metal sissor one off of amazon got the fuel line off in 2 minut liter i heard the click and the fuel filter just came out save yourself some time and aggrevationif you have a ford truck get the sissor tool not thi plastic junk"
"i got thi to tri to chang out a fuel filter on a 03 f150 it veri nice that it ha a bunch of differ size but there noth to grab onto onc you slip it over the fuel line there on the littl larger piec of plastic to grab and i wa not about to gener enough forc to pop off the back fuel line i also found that the harder i push the more the tool sort of open up if you could get your finger direct behind the wide end of thi tool you could realli gener a lot of forc and probabl pop the fuel line off easili the way it set up though you cantwhil it more expen i think the larger aluminum one tool seem like the way to go there you actual have someth to hold onto i should add though that i have a feel my fuel line is a bit rust gum up and so perhap under normal condit thi tool might work without a huge amount of effort push as hard as i could though i wa not abl to get the fuel line off with thi tool"
"i decid i need a new seal puller and pick thi up cheap here on amazon i tri to pull two seal with it today and it just tore through them like a can open it would have been easier to use a hammer and a chisel"
"these will slip off and damag the clamp as well as skin your knucklesmayb if you were in a place with good access to the clamp it would work i wa despir when i bought these and just wast money"
"nice rig but it becom unhappi and stick if you use it in cold weather below 40 sit seem to stick so if it stick your back to use it as a tire inflat and use your tire pressur guag again the entir reason for thi thing is to pump air in read it your done not the case if it stick not you have lost faith in it"
"i should have return thi it no strobe light the induct time light is so much easier at least where you have batteri power it made well but be sure to have the devic fulli insert into the wire mine fell on the floor for not doubl check the wire attach and it could have damag it"
"i bought thi first think it would be a good buy i left it in my glove box on to find it one day bent did not last long in storag i then i bought the digit tire pressur and tread depth combo way better product look up accutir ms48b digit combin tire thread depth gaug and tire pressur gaug"
"far too flimsi thi thing feel like it need to be pack to the gill in order to retain it rectangular shape would also appreci some type of rubbervelcro grip on the bottom so it not slide around in my trunk when light loadedit doe it job henc the noreturn but at the same time i didnt expect 34soft sided34 to mean 34collap in all situat except fulli load"
"i wish thi had rigid divid instead of just fabric the unit is too floppi in gener unless you load it up with a lot of stuffthi is on a tini but more use than a standard duffel bagi would recommend you spend a bit more and get thi one snapon 870116 21inch trunk organ and tool carrier i did and am much happier with it as it is ridid and seem to hold just about as much stuff"
"i realli wasnt impress with the over result of thi polish as part of the mother 3step kit i use all 3 step and still think i get better result from tech wax"
"it would have been a five star review but 409 work better on clean up a bike mother just make the part you use it on look wet and leav the dirt beneath four star"
"thi kit seem like more of a hassl than it wa worth after use one clay bar my car finish wa ind smoother but it look exact the same a few littl spot of sap came out here and there but i honest think the same thing couldv been achiev with goo gone and windex"
"i have been detail car and aircraft for forti yearsi have tri almost everi thing out there as far as wax and cleaner goim am a old school simoniz guy yea lot of workbut it worksi would alway use a cleaner first dupont workedi figur it might be time to tri someth newso i tri the mother clay bar did not work welli tri meguir clean and wax and that stuff is greattri klass real good stuffmicro fiber the more you spend the better you getth clay wa a joke"
"purcha thi product to remov a minor scratch it ate through my clearcoat and left me with 400 in damag had an auto detail look at the damag befor get it fix he ask what product caus it and i told him 34scratchx 2034 he repli 34oh i would never even use that stuff it too abrasive34bottom line from my experi with thi product do not purcha it under ani circumst unless you are veri experienc work on carsthi is truli a one star item avoid at all cost"
"i tri it on a superfici scratch and kept rub the product sever time and reappli 3 time and scratch is stil there i tri it with foam pad microfib pad microfib towel worst product meguair produc"
"thi is not a rub on buff off product like wax it take a lot of rub against the scratchit appear to be do more harm than good ad scratch to my fair dark vehicl im use it by hand with a foam applic which never ha scratch my finish when wax i find the result of a good coat of wax do a better job and dont add addit swirlmark scratch like thi stuff it may work better with a power buffer by hand it pretti useless"
"doesnt work worth a darn regular wax work better than thi product veri disappoint with mequiar which i thought wa a good brand i will go back to turtl product from now on"
"as titl say wast of time money and calori i have 08 bmw 335i sport silver color have long scratch similar to those that guy post in product imag spent almost an hour tri all differ techniqu thi product simpli doesnt work if you have a new car with nice paint i would avoid buy thi it might work for some old car which paint is in differ condit but not for me sorryp i bought a full set of meguiar paint care you can find my review on other product as well what actual work for me somewhat is ultim wax and clay kit contamin remov kit clay kit is veri hard to appli though but it work"
"not realli impress with thi product the meguiar cleanerwax product doe a much better job thi may be good for some car but not mine"
"thi product is good but not outstand as barri meguiar say not last as long as he say ive use both summer and winter and in 6 week lost mani of it properti in the real world not in the world of barri meguiar you have to wax the car everi month if you want to protect your car is not true that regardless of price wax last for mani monthssinc you appli the wax start to degrad the environ sun uv rain dust when you wash you remov the wax inevit part becaus dust and pollut and the pollut and stick to the wax and when you remov these contamin also remov the wax"
"ive own thi wax for some time it doesnt last more than a month if that it a pain to put on and take off it goe on ok but take it off is anoth stori leav a almost a oili residu until you wash your car or use numer towelsmicrofib to take it off how much do you realli want to rub your paint to get the residu off i have black paint i havent realli seen ani good protect from the element or from birdsbug one postit is that it doe smell good when appli it but im sure meguiar ad the fragranc for some market perspect all in all for the price compar to durabl thi stuff is a wast and not sure whi meguiar even put it on the market"
"meguiar came out with the origin nxt around 2005 and it wa actual a pretti good product not the greatest shine but wa fair durabl and easi to appli then sometim a few year later nxt 20 wa introduc and to me it wa a huge step backward although it just receiv a high favor rate from the big consum magazin it is far from one of the best product on the market thi version 20 ha veri poor gloss characterist on dark color car and the durabl is just terribl liter no more than six week befor water stop sheet off the cari maintain eight differ person car and so am almost alway wax someth i think all the high price multistep product are just so much snake oil be sold at outrag price and trust me ive tri almost all of them good surfac prep is the key to the success of ani waxsynthet product and that involv clay light cut cleaner polish and then the final way onc prep proper just about ani product will do realli well and if appli regular will protect the finish and make futur prep unnecessari my current favorit for durabl and shine is turtl wax cleanercarnuba although the good old meguiar cleaner wa in the purpl bottl is still a darn good product at a bargain price"
"thi product is easi to appli and easi to wipe off but on black car especi it doe not give a nice deep glossi or wet look shine it leav more of a streaki oili finishi switch over to yellow carnuba wax and the differ wa night and day i have a full bottl that i no longer use and it just sit in the garag collect dustif you have a black car and stick with carunba wax instead of synthet meguiar to make great product but thi one fail to impressi get a better shine off of meguiar cleaner wax than thi nxt stuffbut a friend introduc me to mother pure carnuba wax and i have sinc made a switch in brand i mean the shine you get with thi stuff is just insan"
"after buy the meguiar da polish and the frequent bought togeth deal includ the 65 finish pad and the 65 polish pad i found out direct from meguiar that they have updat the pad to 7 which includ a recess to make center the polish back pad easier and have improv the velcro back pad adh so that the new 7 pad are actual machin washabl the velcro pad is attach far more secur the older 65 pad often lose their velcro back due to washingcleaningth is no doubt in my mind that the pad materi is of high qualiti on either the new 70 or thi older 65 pad it just that meguiar ha improv and updat their pad now the recess on the back of the pad definit aid the user in center the pad that one featur alon make buy the 70 pad a nobrain combin that with the improv back pad adh and now we have a slam dunkher are the link for the newest and improv padssoftbuff 20 foam polish pad 7 inchmeguiar w 9207 7 soft buff 20 foam finish pad"
"also had some bake on oil stain on tti ceram coat header on our 70 challeng caus by leak rear main seal onc repair tri semichrom to remov them no success at all again pull out the mothersalthough slow and tediou it did the job with no damag to ceram coatingscrew on lid on mother make far better sen semichrom lid requir an inconveni pri tool to removewhich tend to clobber lid caus it to not seal well addit semichrom is somewhat on the order as twice as expen i should have purcha a tube instead of a can to give it a trywould have save 15 or so dollar"
"from the moment you touch the packag youll begin to wonder if thi came from a dollar store it ha that knockoff look and feel that you just dont see in mainstream storesand onc you have the flare out of the packag youll probabl notic how it about readi to crack befor you even screw on the batteri cap you may even notic or be disturb by the similar look thi ha to a more adultori itembut hey the box say it a superbright led that as good as a flare right well that not so true the dopey led isnt veri bright at all if thi is as bright as a flare then a maglit is as bright as the sun i wrote it off to the crazi nonam aaa batteri and tri some fresh duracel same resultbut but it say it ha a map light too ind it doe hope there noth red on your map becaus the map light is that same dopey red led but not blink and realli that someth to give some seriou thought to if it wa realli that bright would they suggest you use it as a map light i think notif anyth id think that use thi as a road flare is more like to confus driver than warn them in fact the on use applic thi ha that i can think of is use the loophol to tie it to your kid on halloween that is if your angri with your kid and want to shame them with someth that not even as bright as a glow stickpay more than the cost of a candi bar for thi is pure insan"
"thi is a littl red flashlight period ye the red light is bright and ye it blink if you set it to do so but thi would never take the place of a real flare under ani circumstancesdo not buy thi to replac the flare you should carri in your car emerg kitmost flashlight have the light beam come straight out of the end of the tube thi one ha the light come off the side like a beacon or lighthous it can on be view from straight on while a flare put out inten light in all direct like a sparkler thi littl flashlight on put out light in one direct the direct you have face the beam do not buy except as a toy or as a hike signal light i have given it two star for it be at least that usefulflar no way"
"i thought thi sound like a handi item to have in my car for emerg so when the amazon vine program offer it for review i order it first of all it cheap plastic and made in china that alon will usual put me off of buy an item i see in a storei insert the includ batteri and turn it on it emit a red light that can either blink or remain static i thought the light seem small and feebl but i wait until nighttim to give it a real test i set it on my car with the magnet end hold it to the hood and walk down the driveway to see it from a distanc although the red light wa visibl it wasnt near bright enough to be use as a flare in a roadsid emerg it wasnt even as bright or eyecatch as the light you see on bicycl rider at nighti would never reli on thi product to warn oncom car of a breakdown nobodi would know what it wa even if they saw it in time to react im stick with real flare which are visibl from far away and instant tell other driver of an accid or hazard aheadi hope nobodi decid to use thi product as a safeti flare in their car i wont even keep it in my car as a map light as they suggest on the packag ill reli on the small mag light i alreadi have in the car"
"i wa enthus when i first saw thi product i strive to keep safeti item in the car and hous so thi one seem perfect a flare that run on batteri i could get a bunch of these for my car and for my boyfriend car and make sure were alway safei pop in the batteri and turn it on thi is a flare i took it outsid i tri it at night there no way a car come down a highway is go to see that tini light and know anyth is go on a person reli on thi is set themselv up for a catastroph disast have a highpow flare isnt just a casual nice to have thing it can liter be the differ between stay aliv and have a sleepi trucker barrel into the car demolish itth light isnt even strong enough to read by in the car there noth i would use thi for and the fact that they market it as a flare safeti devic concern me great i worri that someon will fall for that claim tri to use it as a flare and end up with seriou injuri or worsei high recommend that peopl buy real flare for their car and check on them everi year or two have flashlight check the batteri safeti is importantdefinit do not buy thi product"
"when i receiv hein 1020 commutem flameless flare i had high hope real flare can be danger messi and difficult to use i thought thi might be the perfect thing to place in my old truck in the event i had a breakdown i also thought it might be good to take on my atv trip in the event i break down on the trail and need to leav some kind of visibl marker on my atv along the trailsad to say i wa rather disappoint the flare is power by two aaa batteri and a singl red led in the daylight the light output from the flare is bare notic at nighttim it is slight more notic and might serv as a marker light on your car to someon who is pay attent or if you were use it on a dark trail it might be visibl from a short distanc but it realli is no brighter than the keyfob led that are intend to assist in unlock a door the light is also unidirect on come from one side of the flare so care posit would be a must i think it would be tricki to use as a map light too sinc map often contain red text which would be difficult to see with a red lightthat said i will not go as far as to claim that the product misrepr itself it is reusabl and it could function as a secondari warn marker it is not flammabl and it came with batteri which seem rare these day the idea for the magnet end that stick to the side of vehicl would be good if most vehicl were made of steel but mani these day are made of fiberglass or aluminum and thu the magnet serv a limit purposeif thi product were market as a sort of a secondari marker light it might be accept one could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as a failsaf after all the more light the better howev the idea that it would serv as a flare is just not correct if i were chang a tire along the side of a busi road for exampl i would have no faith that anyon would see or notic thi light in their headlight i would expect someth much brighter for an applic such as that and given that expect thi product unfortun fell short of both it name and purpo"
"if your familiar with the red flash led bicycl tailight seen on so mani bike these day then youll understand whan i say that thi unit is essenti a onel version of those light ye it visibl from a good distanc away but on if your direct behind it the len that focus the light from the led concentr it over perhap 10 degr the base ha a magnet it it that will allow it to stand up on the roof of a car assum the roof is metal which is still true for most car so as a road flare it better than noth but still nowher near as visibl as a tradit flare or just put on on your car fourway emerg flashersso what use it is it might be use as a rescu devic for signal or locat someon in the wood at night if they had the presenc of mind to bring it along with them given the low price it might be worth experi with"
"there are definit some advantag to thi over a tradit flare it will last much longer and it ha a magnet base that is strong enough to hold it on a metal part of your car the batteri cap screw on and ha a gasket in case it is rain it is also compact and lightweightth disadvantag is that it isnt anywh near as bright as a flare it ha a singl led that is veri direct if it wa place on the road in front of a car it would be veri easi to overlooki think a fold triangl with reflect tape along with a coupl of flare would be a safer alternativesean p logu 2010"
"at first look the hein 1020 commutem flameless flare seem like a good idea in certain limit circumst im sure it might be use for most circumst howev i would on use it as an absolut last resortth item is made of plastic not just ani plastic but appear to be manufactur of the kind of hard plastic that quick turn veri brittl and crack when expo to the extrem temperatur variat found insid a vehicl which after all is where thi item is meant to be kept while it is batteri power and doesnt realli pose ani kind of roadsid fire hazard it use is sever limitedfirst of all one ha to reli on alway have it load with good batteri dead batteri do noon ani good and ive found most peopl just throw item like thi in the trunk or glove box and forget about it not realli think to check the batteri regularlybut doe it work well ye sort of the unit ha a small len power by an led that either blink on and off or light up continu the continu on is meant for a lowglar map light while the blink featur is meant to captur the attent of oncom motorist unfortun the led is not veri bright and is like to go unnot from anyon farther away than 15 to 20 yard and is so small and low inten that even if notic it is doubt anyon would recogn it as a hazard or warn beacon while we certain dont want anyth so bright it blind oncom driver we also dont want someth so dim that it doesnt trigger anyon warn instinct soon enoughinterst highway forget it buy some reflect triangl rural highway not much of a chanc of be seen in time at highway speed well lit neighborhood it like wont get notic from my perspect about the on time a unit like thi would attract ani attent is if it wa on a poor lit rural backroad where the speed limit is 35 mph or under and there are no other light in the area to caus ani distract or overpow the weak light sourc thi unit provid then if your vehicl hazard flasher dont work by all mean thi is better than absolut noth just rememb to check the batteri"
"pro batteri driven flash or steadi light flameless flare can be use as a map light reusabl could be use effect as a light that doe not serious degrad night visioncon product claim to be visibl at 1000 ft but thi is on possibl within a few degr of view one half of the top light up for a dim present but the bright led shine out through a narrow beam like a small red flashlight consequ the flare would probabl not be use in a traffic situat sinc it would have to be preci align with oncom traffic and would on be visibl by the few driver within thi narrow beam of light it is certain not a good substitut for a real flare which is much brighter and omnidirect thi littl light is not as good as the emerg flasher built into vehiclesif you want a safeti flare to carri in your vehicl buy the real thing if you want a light you can use as a map light without distract a driver or to see where your walk without serious degrad your night vision thi red light will do that well"
"thi item ship defect part not cover with chrome are rust thi is usual a good product i have purcha the same product recent and did have ani problem i need to have these two plate replac"
"fell off almost immedi but it wa cheap so no big loss on someon anal as me would think the small lic plate screw need cover"
"these chrome cap would not work on my plate the licen plate screw head were larger than the plastic ring that hold the cap i end up use them on my motorcycl these cap were less money at my local harley dealer too id give them a pass next time"
"i have two car both of which requir the larg 14 sheet metal selftap screw to mount the plate to the nylon retain behind the plate the one mount on the car that the screw screw into problem is that diamet of the plastic ring that hold the screw cover is too small to take the screw larg diamet head the maximum screw head diamet that will fit the ring is 435 inch 11 millimet option 1 replac the nylon retain on the car but differ car have differ retain so one must search for new one that will accept a 12 screw option 2 tri to find 14 selftap screw with smaller head i shop around for 14 screw with smaller head to no avail option 3 grind down the screw head diamet option 4 not good on one car i use 12 sheet metal screw that have a smaller diamet but do fit the ring and wrap the thread with tape thi sort of work but i realli cant tighten them down satisfactorili so i have to check their secur now and then im leav the other car as is for now mayb someon ha more practic idea sure would like to hear of them btw see the updat belowupd 111613i think ive found a viabl solut to the abov problem i use a 12 sheet metal selftap screw place a 12inch long piec of ordinari shrink tube 14 id over the thread toward the point end of the screw use a heat gun or you can use a match bic lighter or solder iron to shrink the tube which effect increa the thread diamet to about that of a 14 screw thi allow me to tighten the screw secur and will last much longer than ordinari tape one more thing the thick of the screw head doesnt quit allow the chrome cap to fulli snap into place over the nylon ring the top of the head need to be file down a littl leav enough philip x to use the screwdriv"
"im plea with the appear of these on my nouveau plate cover but they feel incr cheap and i dont expect them to stay on while drive down the road i understand you need to be abl to take them back off but i feel like theyr go to fall off on their ownwel see how it turn out"
"the cover pop off and are worthless dont buy thi junk look great when you instal but the cover wont stay on when the car is move"
"thi is a cheap piec of junk made in a wellknown foreign asian land known for produc junk the two light are not led and do not flash quick like a real secur system they are dull light altern from one to the other dont wast your money or batteri anyon will tell it fake i threw mine in the garbagewasnt worth send back"
"thi kit is just ok everi piec in the kit is extrem light weight if you are a mall crawler and on hit fire road than thi will do fine if it much more than that then look at the arb kit"
"let start off by examin the product claim made by the manufactur sinc some peopl seem to think that those of us who arent fan of thi product are at fault for expect it to live up to those claim clean and lubric the fuel system clean and lubric the carburetor and injectorsth are the word of luca oil product on lucasoilcom not me so if you want to lambast me or us for expect thi product to clean our fuel system you will have to first explain whi we should not expect it to given that the manufactur say it willsea foam motor treatment is claim by the manufactur on seafoamsalescom to clean intern fuel system compon clean carburetor fuel injectorsdo you see the claim overlap between the luca and sea foam productsi bought a coupl 525ounc bottl of thi stuff for my car which had a veri rough idl certain that all the posit review couldnt be wrong i also bought a gallon of it at my local auto part store fortun i got a steep discounti put one bottl through the fuel system no improv then anoth bottl still noth no notic improv whatsoevereventu i tri sea foam motor treatment and with one bottl of that got the result i wa after no i didnt mix the productsa far as i am concern thi product is posit useless for clean the fuel system lt and is clean the fuel system a state product claim ye it is thank for ask"
"i have use it a few time and it dise not do what is said of the product the interior doea not come clean it doe take up a littl dust but that it it did not clean all the dust like it said it would"
"if your interior is alreadi clean dont use it it will leav lot of lint on your dash i have a one week new car and i want to keep my interior dust free so i got thi from amazon with other car care product i had appli some armor on my dash and leather seat to keep it protect after a few day i am notic some dust are begin to collect on my dash so i want to start use thi duster after open it brand new out of the blister pack i use it on my dash and it left a trail of lint on my dash and door panel i thought the duster is chemic treat so that it should pick up dust instead of leav lint now i am not sure if i would ever use thi again"
"the clamp are chinci the wire guag is smaller than the 12 exten i put on the other end of it if your not go to put a huge load on it then im sure it will work but you get what you pay for if it wa heavier duti and had an inlin fuse then id be happi with it"
"first of all the cigarett lighter outlet just doe not have enough amp to jump start a car motor second the plug wa shatter upon arriv and render thi batteri cabl unus"
"both the stock photo and the jkoster jpg you see of thi product are no longer valid and whatyou get is what my jpg showsth product ha been cheapen by shorten the wire by half now 1 footbi the time you spread the wire apart enough for the clamp to reach bothtermin on a standard size 12 volt car batteri you have just taken up halfth wire length which leav you 6 inch left overi have not strip the insul of the wire to check gaug but it cant be anymorethan 18 16 at the mostwhil the product doe work you would have to use it right on top of the batteri which isok for me as i on use it for test purposesa far as the whole front panel illumin line i cant figur out whi that is in theproduct blurbth product come in a cheap clear plastic bag not a thermal form pack as is shown soth product you see is not the product you getagain see my jpg of what you actual getdu to the low price it is not worth return but you should be awar of these chang"
"i use a lot of mother product but thi glass cleaner is the wor it leav streak all over the glass also when use on the insid of the glass it fog up the glass at night the glass fog up so bad it becom danger ive tri use a microfib and terri cloth towel ive switch back to straight water to clean the glass"
"i purcha a bottl of mother glass cleaner simpli becaus i have use other mother product wax and they seem to work veri well also thi cleaner is safe for tint window becaus it doe not contain ammoniaunfortun i wa extrem disappoint with thi glass cleaner as it streak more than windex and no matter what i tri i could not remov the streak at alli did not notic ani differ in the streaki between nontint and tint glass both were pretti badi end up just throw the bottl out and went back to use microfib cloth and purifieddistil water"
"the tender work margin well and after a few year the ground prong pull loo of the plug i cut the unit plug off and replac it thi unit keep the batteri charg but ive notic my voltmet read just over 13 volt everi morn so it seem to me that thi unit is keep the batteri bare charg instead of fulli charg i recent bought a solar prologix 12 amp batteri charger that seem much better built and keep the batteri more fulli charg if the prologix literatur is to be believ it is a much more sophist unit than the batteri tender while the cost is just a few buck more"
"i own sever vehicl and motorcycl and i had one of the pre china batteri tender and it last for sever year it did so well i bought 3 more of the batteri tender pluse at one time at christma 2010one work for about 9 month and then would not go into the float mode it kill the batteri from overcharg hook up the next on a differ batteri and it work about 2 week befor do the same thingnot go into float mode the 3rd one last less than a week each ha a 10 year warranti so i phone deltran and spoke to their tech he cannot understand my problem tri on differ batteri plug into outlet first blah blah blah i paid over 10000 for 3 of these chine junk chargersi can send them back and they will check at my cost if noth is found wrong i would be charg a servic fee and return ship poor custom servic bad qualiti for what these cost they should lastdo yourself a favor and do not buy these batteri tender chargersupd 1152014 buy an xtreme chargeri have 3 of the red xtreme charger see my review"
"i purcha thi batteri tender to keep the batteri in my summer car charg up in the off season unfortun thi batteri tender caus my batteri to leak acid all over the trunk of my car caus corro and requir an expen repair i purcha thi unit specif becaus it not suppo to overcharg a car batteri what a mistak dont buy thi product it doesnt work as adverti i reach out to the manufactur via their websit twice but they never respond to me faulti product no custom servic fail"
"add me to the list of failuresaft 11 month i do not know whi i ignor over 30 one star review i thought with all of the posit they must be fluke well mine just fri nasti burnt electron smell no light no output it did not hurt the car it wa attach to and i discov it veri soon after failur it is not worth the hassl indic by other to file a warranti claim i order an xtreme hope for longer life and good perform anybodi read thi review bewar the failur rate on these deltran is too high"
"had my batteri tender plu for just over 2 year and it work great for those 2 year maintain the batteri in an antiqu car recent i put it on the batteri on my daili driver and the charg light didnt come on test on sever other batteri seem it lost it statu light and all it regul and just put out a constant 15 volt now cook whatev batteri i hook it up to their tech support wa rude and unknowledg of cour their warranti is a joke sinc it will cost 50 of it valu just to make use of their warranti i consid buy anoth but with so mani other choic now on the market i cant ration the batteri tender high price i replac it with a vector for the same price which ha twice the featur"
"bought thi becaus of all the review but it did not work for me my harley use an agm batteri and found out after the purcha that thi charger cannot charg an agm batteri for a simpl batteri maintain thi product is big and heavi i expect more"
"save your money cheap plastic stuff that wont work it wont stay on the mirror it is suppo to attach to fall off blow off"
"high recommend just make sure it ha ampl water to get start 1 gallon minimum use in warm and cooler weather without issueupd 42014 after camp an entir season with these i found that they didnt work veri well tissu and wast didnt seem to break down veri well and it most certain doesnt mask odor veri well i even tri use 2 packet instead of one for a 30 gallon tank no differ asid from thing be veri bluei think im go to tri the tri and true happi camper organ treatment next"
"i have been use the liquid blue stuff for 4 year and never had a problem until tri these blue packet now i had to call out a pluber becaus the toilet paper wa not break down dont wast your money on thi stuff and by the way amazon wont let you return it either"
"work like crap doe not allow enough air in to blow line out save your money and use an air nozzl instead trust me"
"thi product is for turn a petcock valv not for removinginst a drain plug it my fault for not read the descript clear but what i want wa a tool for remov the drain plug on my atwood 6 gal water heater in my travel trailer the nylon plug is in an awkward locat and without a long socket exten which i dont have it is a pain to screw and unscrew even though thi plug is on fingertight"
"i had thi unit for about 2 month work fair well the tab on the bottom of the unit broke after a month i use tape for awhil and then gave up on it tri the valterra a102606 fridgecool 1128 ma fan with onoff switch ive had it for five year without ani problem the valterra is much easier on batteri too"
"mayb on bussiz class a motorhom with larger refrig thi is use but it is not ani good for my rv refrig 26 ft vehicl decent size refrig i dont use thi as it is too larg and use the singl bar instead they work well"
"broke on day 1 bit cheap in constructionwould recommend differ product or even a differ approach all togeth"
"i found wash car at home in florida did not give the same result as california bay area water too much spote and white residu leftsaw a review where some one el use thi filter for improv car wash water so i bought thi filterprogreat look product for the costgret look packagingproduct screw thread fit water tight to water sourc and hoseaft a few gallon the water come out clear and work well for wash a car and rin it offconwat flow a first wa about 60 of normal due i assum to flow restrictionwat flow after a few more minut and less than 5 gallon wa reduc to 10 of normalth reduc flow could bare remov the car wash soapfirst few gallon had a lot of black i assum carbon color to the water that becam clean and clear water as seen in the bucketnot i did verifi the high flow direct as the labl show i may tri to upload photo lateroverallfor florida hose water in the space coast area and use for car wash thi is not a good product for a motorcycl or small product okayfor other use i have no ideawould not buy again"
"the valv look good but i end up return it as it wouldnt work for the way i need to hook thi into my rv water system applic wa for a 2012 keyston cougar 327re"
"seem like a good idea but it leak incess no matter how much i tighten even with teflon tape on the thread i return it"
"no matter how littl or how much plummer tape i use thi unit would not seal and the butterfli valv metal bend easili would not recommend i end up put the origin plastic plug back in disappoint"
"i bought thi valv with high hope of simplifi the regular drain of our 6gal atwood rv water heater as remov of the standard nylon plug is a pain due to it locat if you are look to purcha thi product under the same preten let me save you the time in my case the better part of an afternoonfirst a quick explan of how the valv work there are actual three compon at play 1 the larg diamet plug that screw into the water heater 2 a secondari plug that screw into the first and 3 the actual valv which you open and close to drain the water i believ the intent of thi design is to allow 34regular34 drain of the water heater with the lastsmallest valv while remov of the medium nut could be use perhap at the end of the season to allow more sediment and debri to exit the tank quick due to the larger diamet sidenot open the actual valv the smallest compon drain the tank veri veri slowli and sometim on at a trickl if you cant get air behind the water in my case i had to open the pressur relief valv in addit to all faucet to produc an accept drain ratewhil the valv piec never had ani issu with leak the other compon did i tri screw in these nut with and without teflon tape and at variou depth no matter what the combin there wa alway a small leak come from either of these piec there appear to be no way to practic stop the leak i also tri wrap the nut with an excess of teflon tape 5 wrap to no availi gave up after about 23 hour of tinker return the valv to amazon and end up stick with the standard nylon plug hint sear sell a 1516 offset wrench that is perfect for remov these plug"
"thi valv is exact what i need to make drain the hot water tank in my rv a breez unfortun it arriv with a qualiti control problem the thandl wa not proper crimp onto the valv shaft the first time i tri to use the valv the handl came right off in my hand rather than fool aroung with the nuisanc of return it i rework the crimp with a hammer punch i wa abl to make it secur enough that i can use the valv without the handl come loo hope it will not work loo be lost due to vibrat on the road"
"first off my fault for not realiz these are sold in singl unit and not in pair that be said im glad i didnt buy a second one as these are hard plastic and will slide easili and not take hold unless you put a rubber mat under it the good news is you can pick up a pair of real rubber chock at harbor freight for less than 20 buck which work great"
"you just dont expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small but then you look at the price and kick yourself for expect more they work but i high doubt theyll still be around in 10 year"
"thi doe not fit my wheel it need a hose to fit more stem configur the 100 is ident except for the 060 it is 0100 but state it ha a 11 hose but it doesnt i recommend a type with a hose for versatil the 100 is nice but the 60 is fine for most applic if you have a bike that need over 60 than look for a 100 thi is not for all applic also be care not to drop thi or you throw it away"
"i purcha the camco 11553 anod rod for my atwood heater the anod wa poor manufactur and had a slight bend in the shaft thi slight bend is enough to misalign the tread in the cap section to the point where if forc into place it would cross thread the femal thread in the water heater it is not worth the time or hassl to return so there it is scrap in the event the anod did thread in proper the instruct indic you should pull the anod onc a month to be sure you keep the anod in a remov state appar if you do not remov it onc a month it will corrod in posit make it extrem difficult to remov i have decid to keep my factori instal nylon drain plug as the plug of choic my previou rv wa over 8 year old when i sold it and i never had corro problem with the nylon plug save your money"
"easi to instal but on the 4th day the self tap bolt came outstrip out of the frame it wa adjust as recommend and i never back up or turn too tight i felt it help and will like pay to have it weld in place lost one pin and 4three bolt i would probabl buy a ree equal hitch with antisway next time but i have an eaz type"
"dont buy optima batteri pure junk after johnson control bought optima and move the factori to mexico they have gone downhil the last three i bought all went bad one befor i wa even abl to use it i had bought an optima to power my 56 chevi and after it sat unus for a month i went to tri and start a new motornoth wouldnt even take a charg save your money and get one at the local part store with a warrantyfyi essenti all auto batteri in the us are made by on 2 compani and then brand exid and johnson control check it out"
"they are rather small and realli cheapli construct i could have bought stuff at the store to build these cheaper they went with my old pop up trailer when i trade it in"
"on the stand is aluminum the center shaft handl and top are steel mine start to rust within a week of use"
"all of fram oil filter are noth but cardboard insid i saw sever video on youtub show how bad these are so i cut my old one open at 3000 mi to see if it true it true all cardboard even the end cap even the tough guard all fram filter are like thi what wor is the pleat the cardboard pleat close shut and thi make the oil have to seek anoth open pleat to enter mine had half of it pleat close that mean on half the oil filter wa workingnext is the seem were the pleat row are connect it wa open half way up the seam becaus the glue came loo that mean dirti oil wa by pass the filter all togeth these are the worst filter on the market no doubt fram just spent so much money blow smoke up our tail we believ they are good filterscut your old fram open and look insid if you dont want to get dirti just go too youtub and type in fram oil filter noth but garbag fram couldnt care less about the life of your car buy anyth el but fram anyth"
"cheapo replac for the one i wore out but the tip ha not cover on the metal wire wrap around the bristl so i can pretti much guarant itll scratch the tire until i find a good rubber tip to glue on it wont get use on my wheel not worth send back thi is not the one to buy until they fix that littl tip"
"i bought thi due to posit review but never again i leav streak and smudg no matter how i tri to use it even appli more than onc tri it on window glass in the home mirror and car glass all the same result realli want it to work but plain water would do better i rare write a review thi neg but thi one earn it"
"on the advic of a friend i replac my toyota tacoma manual transmiss gear oil with thi royal purpl max from the start i encount poor shift and excess gear noi after two month the shift got so bad i opt to replac it with the previou gear oil i wa use redlin mt90 now my shift is back to be easier with the gear noi gone for the price of thi oil it should have perform better than it did i wa veri disappoint"
"i bought thi to polish chrome wheel the powerb mini is a huge letdown the foam start disintegr almost immedi when run across ani angl of the wheel surfac the foam is simpli too weak it rip and shred i would on use thi on veri smooth surfac that have no angl to them ridg bump etc but if your polish someth that simpl in shape you dont need thi in the first place grab a rag and youll be done a lot faster"
"to cost abd doesnt work ani better or easier than a brush anddeterg to clean the tire and rim would not buy again"
"i use thi to clean an expen set of whitew tire befor sell a classic car at auction and it wa a big mistak i bought thi becaus i want to use someth safe to clean the whitew it did ok on the white area as in it didnt ruin it the black part of the tire end up discolor with streak it look horribl the tire look better befor i use it409 and simpl green do a better of clean than thi producti will never trust thi brand for ani product"
"i bought three bottl all spray veri poor it came out in blotch would not cover the tire well i had to take a spong to spread it even on the tire the clean wa not veri good better result with car wash sud"
"per anoth review an expir date give me a break mine arriv dec 2012 and they expir jul 2016 so i at least have 35 year to enjoy my purcha perhap the resin get brittl perhap that as long as the lawyer want to wait for a suitthey are also placard and to be fair note in the descript to be use with 29 tire max fine for car and trailer not usabl for motorhom which will typic start at 30 and go up from there the tight curv of the chock mean that the larger tire even a 30 or a 31 hit the top of the chock first and thi chock hard slick plastic will not grab a surfac like concret or asphalt so the tire just push the chock alongtoo bad realli becaus it a realli beefi chock with a great ergonom design allow you to easili grab it for insert or extract sad to say i dont think the basic purpo is function"
"thi is a wallpap seam roller i bought a plastic one at low for 2 buck u can get a rubber one for 6 buck at a hardwar store im sure thi roller doe work but 13 buck is crazi i beat the heck out of my 2 dollar one and it still go"
"my 6 year old mazda 6 25 liter gh 5 speed shift abrupt from 12 gear did tranni filter chang and drain fill 3x befor pour thi whole bottl in atf requir 85 liter no differ at all still shift hard howev it doesnt make the shift wor so ill give it 2 star for wast my though it a cheap gambl"
"thi gaug is accur and easi to read but it is veri difficult to get a good seal there is no rubber insid the stem and you have to get the right angl to get a good seal in the meantim air is escap and it a game to get the tire pressur right where you want it"
"i bought thi tire gaug a a littl over two month ago the first few time i use it it perform admir it ergonom with a clear lcd display that gave a fast preci readingfast forward to the end of june after on three use and be store in my glove compart otherwi the gaug is now wild off after read the tire on my truck as 32 psi four week ago plug it in today regist 415 psi i thought mayb it wa the heat weve had thi past week but a chang of 95 psi seem a littl high so i test it with two other tire gaug which read 33 and 335 psi respect i use a pump with a manual gaug to drain a tire and inflat it to 33 psi but when i test the tire with thi gaug it read it first as 415 psi and ten second later as 40 psiperhap i got a dud but ani gaug that off by that much so soon rai a red flag for me ill be look for my next tire gaug elsewh"
"we bought thi at canadian tire and within a year or so the tire gaug split lengthwi along the seam make it useless as the air just leak out the side and doesnt measur the pressur i give it one star for lack of durabl it not like we use it daili so mayb 10 use"
"i purcha thi tire gaug becua i want a digit display gaug that provides1 psi resolut while the accutir ms4021b gener doe the job there are twoannoy featur that should be chang 1 batteri cannot be replac by the user2 on some valv stem the accutir ms4021b doe not make a seal to get an accur readingref 1 you have to send the gage in to the manufactur who will replac the batteri free of charg howev their turnaround time is more than two week and i had to call their servic depart both time i had batteri replac to get a replac tire gaugefurthermor the batteri do not last more than a year or so but i use tha gaug on a week basi for all my vehiclesref 2 thi appear to be due to the chuck design ie the contact pin doe notprotrud far enough to allow a posit seal on some valv stemsi am still search for a digit tire gaug that allow the user to replac the batteri"
"do not wast your money bough a mid grade 34full size34 digit gaug and found thi one to be off by 5lb"
"well it work look i expect a product to be user friendlythi one is awkward to put on the valv and then read it doe not alway give you a good readout the first tri i will have to check the valv two or three time to get a proper read by time you do four tire your knee are shot the digit read out is not veri bright either all and all i am look for a better gaug lot of folk like it though that is way i tri it so it up to youof cour if your are young enough and have good eye and knee thi is probabl just right for you good luck"
"i like other review wa unabl to get a wide enough posit for the laser to reach the center dash of both car i had to dremel out the surround of one of the laser to get it to go to the right posit for my garag ceil height other than that it work fine and is a moder improv over the tenni ball methodupdateaft instal thi devic for a month we have notic both laser are get pretti dim a few time i have complet miss see them on my dashboard and pull the car too far luckili i use a brick as a safeti stop under the tire or el i would have nick the wall short product life"
"junk watch the video on youtub it effortless to get off"
"i tri thi out twice as per the instruct didnt make much differ at all should have just kept my 20"
"paint wa thick and didnt spray on veri even at all wa tri to tint fog light and just didnt work"
"i order one of these for my 2008 saturn vue packag mark for 2008 vue but item did not work contact storefront who fullfil order for amazon and wa refer to curt mfg to obtain return number then had to contact seller again got a refund but i purcha a replac from a local dealer seller later report a wrong item number wa somehow in the packag"
"i want good qualiti and these were the highest price cover list on amazon they said on 4 set leftord soon i order the correct size and part number the correct size and part wa on the receiptinvo when they arriv 19 day later but they sent cover for a 13 wheel i need 28 when i contact amazon they said my size wa no longer avail so they sent these are you kid me 13 cover for 28 wheel who made thi decisiona monkeyso i sent it back for a refund i couldnt tell if the cover were good qualiti caus i never open the box what a major let down after wait almost 3 week i went to a local camper store and got a set there the next day sometim save a few buck just aint worth it"
"schumach sem1562a 15 amp speed charg maintainerwel worth the pricedo exact what it is suppo to doupdat after use thi charger less than 5 mo to maintain my rv which is seldom driven i have found that becaus of the charger fail to cycl back to the charg mode proper the batteri that it wa hook to wa stone dead now ill do some research to find out the annoy process of return the charger for warrantyupd i have contact the manufactur schumach concern the failur of thi charger but after 3 week have receiv no respon and it doesnt look like i am go to so i guess ill just take the loss of make a bad choic and trash it btw i am use two chicago electr on board charger one on my jeep and the other on my mercuri sabl both are give veri good servic and are less expen than the schumach or the batteri tender"
"had it for a week doe what it say it doe but make absolut sure the clip dont touch anyth when it attach posit allig clip got close to inner hood liner and burn flame up burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didnt blow the liner out i freak my vehicl would have gone poof pilot error bad design who knowsedit just call schumach and theyr replac it no problem up my rate from a to thank schumach"
"ive sent back two of these and both have fail talk about cheap junk dont waist your money i now own a geniu g3500 35amp and it kick big time butt"
"anoth review mention thi charger put out 150v in agm mode and that too mani volt for some agm batteri and it caus hi to outga reduc the batteri life my optima yellow top agm batteri is rate for 15v charg so i thought thi charger would be okay for it but the charger i got put out 155v i did find spec that say 156v regul voltag is okay for rapid charg on my batteri but they dont defin what rapid charg mean they do say with 156v to charg until current drop below 1 amp which i think mean you can do 156v until the batteri get closer to be charg and stop accept high amperag unfortun thi charger doe the exact opposit start at lower voltag and increa to 155v around when it decid the batteri is at 90 charg which seem to equat to about 126 or 127v on my batteri the charger keep output 155v until the batteri is fulli charg which may take hour so it seem unlik that good for most batteri and im pretti sure it against the charg spec on my batteri note that the charger show 154v on it readout but my volt meter show it actual 155vnevertheless i let it keep do 155v and check period to make sure the batteri wasnt hot it never even felt warm and an ir temperatur gun read 86f max and wasnt hiss hiss would mean it wa overcharg and relea ga perman reduc it life it took almost exact 12 hour for the charger to decid it wa 100 charg and go into mainten mode but when it did it pick 124v agm batteri are suppo to be charg at around 136v for mainten float charg so i have no idea whi it pick 124v i left it on for anoth hour and it actual reduc the voltag to 123 at which point i took it off the charger volt meter said the batteri wa at 1231vi cant decid if thi charger is broken ha a weird charg algorithm or is actual veri smart i say that becaus my batteri wa discharg to about 35v a few week ago well below the voltag it design to be discharg to it a deep cycl but even deep cycl dont toler discharg below 50 and even below 105v may hurt them so it now damag and wont hold the full 136v it suppo to instead if i leav it on the charger at 155v for an hour it hit 128v and then quick lose charg to 125v in about 30 minut so mayb the charger somehow figur that out and decid that 124v wa full charg on my damag batteri so that what it use as it float charg i dont see how it could determin that if the batteri wa 128v or higher after the long 155v charg but who knowsi also dont know if 154v is realli bad for my batteri or for the averag agm i spent awhil research but couldnt find ani real authorit inform just a bunch of peopl theoriz sinc it abov the 15v standard charg on the batteri spec sheet i dont think it a good thing but then again i also found research nrel dot govvehiclesandfuelsenergystoragepdfsevs17prespdf show that serious overvolt a yellow top batteri to 17v under certain condit actual increa it life so i dont know what to think but im lean toward think it a bad thing to go against the manufactur spec sheet unless your in a lab use special chargerswhat i do know is that the desulfin featur on thi charger didnt do a thing for my damag batteri in fact i dont think it even kick in i connect the charger to a small seal lead acid batteri that i left unus for too long and it went into desulfin mode i think the manual doesnt say how your suppo to know for over 8 hour pump 168v into the batteri until it said bad bat on it screen and stop charg in all that time the batteri never show over 15 charg on the charger though it did end up hold about 109v in my onlin research it wa mention in a few place that there are no studi show desulfin actual work so im pretti dubiou about it it definit didnt work on either of my batteriesit wa also interest to note that the seal lead acid batteri never got warm which i find rather curiou consid how long it wa put in such a high voltag i had the charger connect to a killawatt meter and it show the charger wa pull on 015amp and 9watt and thi is in 2amp charg mode so mayb the charger is smart enough to use low amperag when it use high voltag and that prevent the batteri from get damag when it wa push 154v to my agm batteri it wa on draw 035amp and it actual reduc the amp to 029 as it got closer to 100 charg so mayb that protect the batteri from overvoltag damag but i dont know enough to be sure mayb a batteri expert will chime in in the commentsanoth import thing to consid is that desulfin mode could damag your car electron if you dont remov the batteri from the car to charg it 168v is more than most car were design to handl and i found someon mention that bmw warn not to use charger that do thing like that so it definit a concern i dont know if i feel comfort use thi charger again without remov the batteri from the car some charger claim to somehow magic detect the presenc of car electron and limit their voltag but thi charger say noth about that in it manualoth than all that the design of the charger is nice wire fit into a pocket beneath the retract handl it will show you the batteri voltag on it readout until you tell it to start charg although it read 01 to 02v lower than my volt meter which is annoy a button let you toggl between display of voltag or batteri percent it let you choo standard agm and gel cell and choo from three rate of charg the slower 2a charg rate is suppo to be better for mani batteri so use 2a or 6a if you arent in a hurri i tri both those mode and it still put out 155v in 6a mode but it put out 153v in 2a modesinc thi is a dedic 12v charger you dont have to worri about it autodetect actual automisdetect your discharg 12v batteri as a 6v and never charg it past 6v which is a problem with far too mani charger these daysdespit it nice control and smart form factor i give thi charger a low rate becaus i think it tri to push some batteri beyond their limit in the name of charg them as quick or as fulli as possibl one review said it caus hi agm to outga and anoth said it burnt out hi batteri after a few month of trickl charg mode if you have the right brand of batteri that can handl thi charger output and your batteri isnt damag it probabl fine but the fact that it can damag thing and may even damag car electron in desulfin mode strike me as veri bad design especi given that desulfin seem like more of a market ploy than a valuabl featur i also dont like that it volt meter read 01 to 02v under actual voltag"
"i use thi on the back window of my jeep grand cherok it doe not flex enough to have full contact on the window it on ha about 834 of contact i will not purcha thi again"
"it wa quiet and smooth for about 2 month in raini seattl it not particular great it squeak now the plastic 34booty34 that cover the arm i guess suppo to work to prevent snow from clog the wiper but did it help mehhard to say the end of the wiper have some red plastic cap on them and it veri distract to see someth red swoosh in front of my face in the rain whi couldnt they use black capsim go to look for a tripl blade wiper blade which work better"
"09192012 not delight with thi product perfect fit for jeep command i own product were new in manufactur packag buy them from amazoncom save me time and effort i instal them within minut of open the ship contain readi to go within two minut great servic but the end result after on 90 day of use is veri dissappointing1242013 noth i do will make these wiper blade lay flat on the windshield and thi leav unclear mess right in the driver view area im replac them with piaa super silicon blade i expect the piaa will perform better in the washinton dc area ive use the anco winter blade befor without problem but these unit have a seriou problem in cold below 20 degr f weather the rubber case around the mechan get stiff and the blade will not stay flat against the windshield when it move off the curv rest posit of the windshield thi leav an unclear area in the middl of the driver view not a good thing i will not use them again we have had sever warm winter in middleatl coast area so i didnt experi thi issu befor the rubber case to keep the ice and snow out of the wiper mechan is a good idea but it just doesnt work sad"
"i actual bought these from a local auto part store thi wa about a year ago it start rain out of no where and my old blade were not help right out of the box these work ok within a few month they were streak by the time the wet season end they were total ineffect they actual made thing wor"
"these blade did not last a month befor i had to get new onesi no thi ha been a harsh winter in nyc but the regular wiper blade last longernot recommend"
"dont buy thi rear wiper for a 1st gener xb it will not fit get oem or a wiper from elsewh"
"veri cheap blade mine start chatter in 1 week and i return them buy a qualiti motorcraft or similar blade amazon ha the best custom servic and took them back"
"the worst blade i have ever use i assum the first one wa defect so amazon replac it the 2nd one wa just as bad about 30 of the blade did not contact the glass so a huge portion of the windshield wa never touch"
"amazon page show thi will fit a 2002 toyota highland and i doubl check that with the anco web sitehowev thi blade will not fit a 2002 toyota highland nor would it fit other toyota with the rear blade that ha a wider than normal base where the blade attach to the shafti wrote 3 time to anco and parent compani ask them to explain whi their list is incorrect they never respond backi later purcah the trico 12a it did fit my 02 highland"
"i use for 1 day and and it destroy itself with a pine needl now i get streak where the pine needl or ani other item i assum ha been drag so unless you are meticul and clean your blade befor you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immedi anytim ani item may fall onto your window do not buy these unless you do not mind streak the damag is perman not on when the item is still on the window"
"so i pour in a good amount and mix it with water in the bucket there is a lot of sud but then when i appli it to the car the sud dont carri overto me soap is just soap howev thi soap ha a nice smell to itit doesnt remov dirt or debri ani better than the next soap howev i use to use rain x with carnauba wax and that wa a great car wash soap it left my car shini after wash and thi i have to wax it after i bought thi at costco for like 12 dollar and it last me quit a while i wouldnt go back to thi as it doesnt wax my car also it dri fair quick for some reason and leav a soap residu"
"difficult to appli and gooey made a mess after i am done use thi up i will be go back to my spray from meguiar which is great and last"
"so i recommend thi to clean your tire but it will strip the wax coat off the rim and leav the rim realli dri"
"no protect for liquid so it leak all over the place wa just place in a box 20 time the size with brown paper on top as they use up and up doe not handl with care thi tend to happen so i am out of my moni as will not allow return on thi product and it wa damag in shippment"
"i have not read anyon review but i can tell you i bought a dozen of these what a wast i ise them on aluminum plastic and chrome rim and the brake dust doe not disolv loosen etcwat and scrub work better find anoth product"
"i love meguiar product but thi wheel cleaner wa a wast of money it realli did not clean the wheel as suggest dont wast your money"
"ive use thi on two car and im not sure it actual better than the soap and water wash i gave the tire and wheel befor appli it just seem like fanci spray bottl of soap"
"im gener a big fan of the meguiar product and use them for wash dri wax etc got thi think it would be a good addit to the lineup howev not on doe it not realli add much to the over look but the applic method is all wrongthi product come as a spray and is design as per the instruct to spray right onto the tire after do so it doe make the area where appli shini but the applic is uneven and even then becaus it a mist it goe everywh onto the paint the wheel etc which is bad so you end up have to use someth like a paper towel or a cloth to spread the product even which end up remov most of the product and make a mess over then the shine is gonethi product would be better made as a bottl that is made to appli to a pad or some other appli tool as the spray is too difficult to control to get it on on the tiressinc even it out also mean remov most of the shine whatev soak in leav a dull but darker look so in the end the best it wa abl to do wa darken the tire slight the product briefli mention protect qualiti so a star for that but it seem like an afterthought in the adverti materi so im somewhat doubt about that so over thi product doesnt seem worthwhil it more troubl than it worth it basic made a mess made the tire darker but duller look and made the logoslettersnumb on the tire less visibl which in the end made it look less cool than befor so i wont be use thi particular product againoth meguiar product are great but thi one is not an essenti it seem like a veri nich product that one would on need for special photo shoot etc in a control environ but not as an everyday car polish tool"
"the meguiar hot shine high gloss tire spray is not impress when i spray the tire shine on my tire i find myself have to go back after about 5 minut and wipe it down with a towel becaus it leav drip line down the tire kind of like if you put too much paint onto someth and it leav run the consist is equivel to regular grade milk it is not a gel consist anoth issu i ran into is i will let the spray dri on the tire for approxim 301 hour and i still notic that it shoot up on the side of my car make spot on my rear bumper and front door after drive i like use the gel type of tire shine better that you brush on it flow on better without leav streak or run and it stick better to the tire not the side of your car one last thing i notic is when i spray the tire shine on my tire it leav a dark crescent shape on my driveway that last for month not a big deal but it anger me that it stick better to my black asphalt driveway than my tire"
"i purcha some much thicker microfibr towel as these one just arent thick enough to soak up suffici water these are now releg to clean the window and wipe down the interior"
"after dri my black car a few time with thi towel it perform no better than ani other towel ive ever use sure it hold a lot of water but that is part of the problem it doesnt easili wring out so after just a few swipe it is complet satur with water anyth that i dri with it after it becom wet leav huge water streak mark behind unless i follow up with anoth dri towel my best result have been a tradit chamoi that is easi to wring and doesnt leav streak behind after the first pass"
"onc it get wet there isnt much you can do about wring it out it titl is true i do not know whi some give five star to thi product is veri difficult to use it might not have use it and lie so bad that confus buyer becaus they believ that have five star is a good product but it is not true i recommend the pva chomu i have one for seven year and work extrem well"
"let me state up front i wa my car a lot and i mean a lot two to three time a week or more i normal use soft cotton bath towel and chang them out as i go so i alway have one semi dri towel to remov the last bit of water i dont have problem with thi method as i clean my towel often and keep my car wax so the system work well for me no scratch or swirlsbuti thought i might be miss someth so i got one of these towel and frank i realli cant see the point while it might be softer than a normal cotton or terrycloth towel and doe soak up a lot of water it pretti much stay wet after that you can wring it out but it just spread water after the initi use no matter how much you wring it if your go to use it as a first pass to soak up the major of the water then i guess it okay but as your car start to dri you end up put more water down then wa there when you start unless you have a bunch of these towel so you can alway have a dri one it not ani better than the method i use nowi just dont get the point or valu in use these towel and theyr pretti small too i dont know that it will ever be part of my normal car wash routin but it unlik it a nice towel so i might find some other use for it as some pointi cant recommend thi to anyon for it intend purpo just use some good soft bath towel and save your money"
"meguiar ha alway had great product so i thought id tri it and compar it to my vike microfib waffl weav dri towel it doesnt realli comparefar less absorb and too small i can dri my whole rang rover with the vike thi bare made it past the 2nd quarter panel"
"to be honest the towel wasnt realli that water magnet i person find my old towel would do a much better job"
"no luck with thi meguiar product it doe just okay when dri the paint after i wash my car but the glass is anoth sad stori"
"i wa look for a nice towel and after read these review i wa convinc to buy thi product im disappoint becaus im meguiar fan and i wa sure that would be a nice product it doe not abborb the water as announc"
"bought thi despit the poor review figur mayb sinc most of the review were older that they may have improv the towel sinc then nope quit possibl the worst towel ive ever use it basic just push the water around on my car and soak up some of it but doesnt realli dri the car it just smear it around until the water evapor into the air my old beach towel work 100x better and i thought meguiar wa suppo to sell good qualiti product live and learn i guess"
"thi product is so inferior to griot that it is not funni look meguiar make great car wax product thi is probabl a product they sub out and then add a make up too it too thin to small just all togeth beneath the reput of meguiar product line as a dri cloth not veri good at all as a wax remov cloth just not good enough listen if you detail your engin compart these are just fine if you are not a car person these are go to be good enough for you realli but if you are fussi about your car wax it detail it these would be the product you want to use for wheel engin and door jam i alreadi own them so that is what i will use them for same a an old hous towel would be use if that is what you are look for look no further these will do but for dri or wax removalnot"
"i use it to wax my daughter car it fell apart befor i finish appli wax wa veri dissatisfi with thi meguiar product"
"amazon said it fit a 2007 honda element but the element wiper arm is not a j hook amazon need to fix their wizard thi make me hesit to purcha other auto part from them"
"accord to the select process it show that thi product fit my car i have had troubl make thi fit for my car again with all my review i research more than the averag person and thu far i had to put the old wiper blade back on my car sorri i hate give bad review but thi is what i feel"
"the three year old bosch wiper wa squeak becaus itd turn stiff and wouldnt flip over on the opposit stroke i replac it with rainx the wiper streak along it entir length after instal when i use my windshield washer id hope that in a heavi rain it would clean up and work well wrong it got wor and my visibl wa so poor that i felt that drive wa danger luckili i didnt have far to go befor i could chang it ive alway like the rainx liquid so felt that i could trust the brand mayb i got a bad one but ive never had thi happen with other brand i wont chanc buy these again"
"didnt last veri long in the florida sun not impress with ani of the rainx product wouldnt buy again prood that a good market plan can sell even an inferior product"
"purcha a set of these wiper for my wife rav 4 march of 2012 as raini season wa about over decid to keep them in the garag until a coupl of day ago instal them easilyfir them up to tri themwindshield wa wet from morn dew streak badlyhowev drove off with them on as wa in a hurri and felt that i would deal them laterlat yesterday got a bit of rain turn them on they streak so bad that almost unabl to see at allth left side far wor than right sidewindshield is clean and smoothno rough or defectstoday i call rainx support 18004161600 and spoke to a ladi name adriantold her of my issu she ask when purcha i said march 2012 and instal a coupl of day ago she then said that there blade were on good for 6 to 12 month i told her that had been store she ask if in temperatur control environ i said in the garag where temp never exc 85 degr and were kept in origin packag in a dark closet she said that wa the problemi told here that the origin wiper on the toyota rav 4 were 3 year old and still function better than rainx that were 6 month old store properlynot expo to element and never use and yet were far wor in smear of windshield than the old originalssh then told me that they have 90 day warranti and with receipt i could return i said that i purcha 6 month ago and had kept for when i would need them she said that wa too bad and there wa noth that could be donethat my improp storag wa whi they failedi ask her if 3 year old origin that had been use and bake in the sun and element were superior to rainx blade that had been store proper for 6 month and unus she said that she wa not suggest that at alla an asidemad in korea assembl in chinacannot understand whi rainx even provid a custom support numbera there certain is no support here if adrian wa my employ i could can her as she truli is ineptlik the worst product that ive ever purcha"
"car wax seem to have a fair amount of sizzl and hype includ at no extra chargeaft use both product i prefernu finish liquid car polishzymol is much less durabl than nu finish accord to consum report test nov 2011 about twice the cost see note 1 shelf life is not as good see note 2if your time count for anyth durabl is a big deal same protect fewer wax past wax altern these past wax are even more durabl accord to the cr reportnu finish past car polishorturtl wax t465 8 oz ice polish past note note 1 amazon price for nu finish swing most between 7 and 11 walmart ha it for about 8 thi compar with about 16 for zymolth an onlin price alert that will email you whenev thi or ani amazon product dip below your target price googl it it nice done or tri camemcamelcamelnot 2 shelf life i have bottl of nu finish and also zymol from about 6 year ago the zymol is separ into graini chunk and thin liquid hard to rehomogen but the nu finish is perfect good"
"these littl thing are realli cool so i would recommend them if you dont mind drill out your plate mount i just wonder what kind of idiot would use larger screw in their product than the us standard"
"stop got thi to take out the front side oxygen sensor on my 2002 ford crown vic polic interceptor p71 it doe not fit no way no how get a 78 combo wrench or one of those fanci pant combo wrench with the split socket at one end my sensor werent even that tight"
"it is a cheap steel receiv tow hook noth morea retain clip to keep the strap in the hook should have been includ at the veri least otherwi ani slack might make your tow strap pop out or wor yet stab your strap over the end of the hook and rip iti have done a lot of pull vehicl recoveri and offroad drive ive seen everi scari unimagin tow method and ive seen peopl use thing that were not design for pull like cabl and chain misus of these item can serious injur and kill peopl as well as do major damag to vehicl becaus when you put thousand of pound of stress on a tow line and sudden it break or let loo it shoot straight back in the opposit direct and will go right through windshield radiat plastic sheet metal and bystandersif you want someth to keep in your trunk in case you ever get stuck in a ditch or if you even think your an offroad gear up for the trail dont buy thisfram mount clevi point are the safest bet but if you dont have that luxuri at least buy a receiv clevi mount with a close eye and a screwpin clevisoth safeti advic from expertson use a soft nylon tow strap rate at least twice your vehicl weightnev use a strap with builtin hook or metal eyeletsnev use chainnev use wire rope cablei knew the danger when i bought it but im not use it for tow or emerg recoveri and i know how to and not to use it"
"i bought thi to pull small log and brush around our farm i got stuck in a creek bed which wa much softer than i thought my 96 ford f250 diesel weigh over 7500lb with an extra fuel tank on it it is a heavi truck but it no semi or anyth i got pull out by some guy in a smaller nissan pickup which wa light enough not to sink in the creek they took a roll start of five feet not more which complet straighten out the hook i dont know if i got one that somehow miss the temper process but what a piec of just for more background the 10 foot tow strap wa rate at 5000lb so the forc requir to straighten thi hook wa less than that it might as well have been made from aluminum i cant complain too much at under 20 but i thought smittybuilt meant qualiti i wasnt take a 20mph go at a stump or anyth im glad that i could attach my strap to the frame easili enough if it had been an emerg situat id have been bugger"
"i receiv it as a gift a few week ago and am sell it againth is no real benefit of have such a unitfirst the mount is an issu as you have the cabl run across your dashboard have a second plug on the right side is interf with gear shift and whatev control you have in your center consol it would be better to have a plug on the left side use the one in the back make the cabl run all across the dashboard no thank yousecond besid the tachomet if you dont have one what data readout do you realli need realli need noth exact code can be red out by ani auto place for free and what are you do if your convert speed is at a certain speed exact see what i mean okay volt mayb but just maybeth unit sent back to scangaug for test doe hard come on by itself so you dont realli know if ani of the fueltrip data is accur thi make it alreadi question and therefor i do not have ani use for itso for us it is anoth item where we have to question it qualiti and reliabilityless than 1 month old contact me if you want it i take of 20 right away"
"befor purcha thi item i call the manufactur to be sure it did what i want they said it would but it did not i call them back and they said it wa capabl of what i want but i would have to program it for it to work not what you read on the packag not what the manufactur said and direct so poor i could not bege to program it and im a geek"
"the grea is perfect the thing that bother me is that i use thi one time veri gentli i may add and the tube that it in got a bunch of littl pin hole in it and now the grea leak out in my tool box to make matter wor i open the tool box the other day and the cap had split in two so now there even more leak out i thought i could buy thi and keep it around for futur use but now i am go to have to throw it away after use just a tini bit on my spark plug wire what a bummer"
"i start out veri happi with these but see updat at the end of the reviewth hatch on my 2002 grand cherok develop a nasti habit of fall on my head becaus the strut were start to lose their lift power i bought two of these and in about 20 minut the problem wa solv they have been instal for about a month and seem to be work just fineinst wa easi the old strut were held by two bolt on each strut onc they were remov the new one pop could be screw in you may have to hold the tailgat as far open as possibl to instal the struta coupl tip from the installation1 get a helper much easier if someon hold up the tailgat while you are tri to replac these2 you will need a torx bit not sure of the size but it wa the largest one in my kit3 the exist bolt are on pretti tight a drop of penetr oil on the screw made it easier to remov the bolts4 my torx kit on had a cheap screwdriv handl to hold the torx bit i end up destroy thi handl becaus the exist screw were in so tight it is probabl worth buy a ratchet wrench setup befor you start5 one tip when instal the new strut it help if you snug up the upper screw first thi slight lift the strut make it easier to line up the bottom screwhop that help the whole process wa actual pretti easi if you can use a socket wrench you can do thisupd 9913after 7 month of rel light use i open the tailgat rough 3 time per week my opinion of these ha gone from 5 to 1 star they still work but they make so much noi i am asham to open my tailgat within 100 yard of peopl open or close the gate will result in a veri loud screech from both strut not an annoy littl squeak but a veri lout annoy nailsonachalkboard screechi have tri a film of oil silicon spray and creativ languag but noth will remov the screechi final track down the strongarm supplier avm industri and left an email messag on their custom servic websiteupd 92413i guess after 2 week they have no intent of repli to their email i call their tech support number 8007905438 no answer but left messageupd 92513anoth phone call anoth messag still no answer backupd 92613i pass the amazon 30 day window and thought i wa stuck but i contact amazon custom servic and told them my stori within an hour i receiv a repli and amazon is take them back and provid a refundso a happi end but i will never touch anoth product made by avm industriesupd 101613got my refund less a 20 restock fee chalk up 750 to experienceand final 101813after contact amazon custom servic again the refund my restock fee"
"bought two of these for my 2003 grand cherok limit one fit well but the other wa longer i couldnt compress the piston enough to fit it and tri to screw it in end up snap the metal make it useless i put the stock lift support back in and now i have one new and one old it open better but still not veri good"
"i have been wash all my car for year with turtl wax car wash and have alway been satisfi with thi turtl wax productswhen i bought thi product turtl wax zip carwax i wa realli disappoint about it wash perform the 34concentrate34 in the bottl is veri wateri to begin with no comparison to turtl wax origin zip car wash even though i use 1 fl oz 30 ml with a bucket of water thi product doe not gener ani sud becaus of thi it is tough to get grime and dirt off you have to scrub realli hardi am baffl that thi product ha so mani posit review mayb turtl wax recent ha chang the formula for thi product and i got the newest version"
"meguiar quik is cheap which is great as long as your interior is alreadi pretti clean it ha no intrin clean power of it own beyond that of water in other word it will clean exact as well as a damp cloth ani dirt that cant be lift with a damp cloth will stay put it doe have a nice scent which dissip in a matter of hour youll probabl want a more effect product if your car get a lot of use andor carri mani passeng"
"i use a lot of meguir product thi product turn my dash board splotchi and brown in spot i went over the cart a few time to make sure the product wa be absorb even it made no differ the plastic on my consol shifter indic also turn blotchi i wait a day and then went over everyth with meguiar 40 vinyl and rubber condit and everyth turn out great i believ the 40 is a much better product at least on my car i call meguir and told them what happen they told me the 40 ha as much uv protect as the quick detail they had no explan as to whi i had bad resultsth plastic on my consol is still blotchi but i will tri some plastic len polish to tri and fix that just glad i didnt use thi on my instrument panel"
"i bought a set of these ramp and they flat out dont work on my 2010 dodg ram 1500 4x2 in my garag andor on an asphalt park lot they dont stay put when i drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoot them along i have to hold them in place by use rubber floor mat andor wood stopper ye they have the rubber feet on their base but they dont hold hate themand wouldnt buy them again i return them"
"i bought thi stuff for my 1947 willi jeep the transfer casetransmiss ha develop a nasti leak recent and i hope thi product would help i ad a full bottl to the transfer case which wa leak the most and a bit to the transmiss sump they are interconnect but have separ fill and drain hole it wa veri difficult to get into the fill hole becaus of the visco of the stuff about the consist of molass i drove around today about 40 mile or so and both the transfer case and the transmiss still leak about the same as when i put it in i cannot recommend thi product for anyon tri to fix a leaki transmiss"
"appear to be honda civic compat but after use lubegard i have found a stark differ better with lubegard luca work but it slow down shift about a 2 second delay and i had to gun the engin to get that power transfer up a hill or long shallow inclin lubegard transfer power to the civic veri quick i suspect that the reason is becaus lubegard is veri thin and luca is too thick and tacki mayb it will work for you in a much more posit way but not for me i am surpri that other review are say that it make shift better i will assum they never compar it to lubegard so they would have known what smooth realli is like i did or perhap it realli shift better base on the particular car make and degr of tranni damag so in all fair i cannot knock those review but you can tri lubegard i stand by it if you want smoother shift doe not stop leak if you have ani conclus i delet my initi review in favor of lubegard lubegard is clear a better product but not all their other product are superior though luca work soso i took off two star after i found anoth product that work better no i do not work for them or sell their product i just love to tell peopl about great discoveri"
"thi product doe not work exact how luca say it doe i use thi in a detroit engin that wa not burn oil befor i use it but afterward wasi have talk with mani driver truck driver who have use thi with the same result i will never touch anoth luca product thi stuff is a sham and a wast of a driver hard earn money if you want to do someth good for your engin use synthet engin oil"
"i want to save a few buck and paint instead of buy calip cover i know paint prep is import for thi type of job and spend at least 30 min on each wheel i also follow the temperatur and cure time close i use 3 to 4 coat on each calip within the week there where multipl larg chip flake off"
"thi digit tire gaug drain batteri even if you are not use iti check my tire onc a month but i alreadi have to chang batteri about onc per yearth gaug still use power to memori the preset of tire pressur come to think about it thepreset memori is useless if you have 2 differ car becaus it on can memori one front and one back tire set the 2032 lithiumx2 batteri is not cheap i expect it should last at least 5 year"
"i must have misunderstood how thi siphon work i have never been abl to get it work at all i have tri everi possibl method and no luck i understand how graviti work but appar thi devic doesnt if you get it to work more power to you"
"i had a time tri to keep the connect from leak as you tighten the connector on it would torqu the hose and it would unwind and loosen the connector caus a leak i end up put a pressur regul on that had a rotat connector it allow the hose to untorqu itself without unscrew the connector"
"found thi danger for my 29 airstream it fine for level park but dont use thi on slope grade trust me on thi one for smaller lighter camper im sure thi would be ideal"
"i bought thi jack stand to replac the assort of wood block that i use under the front tongu of our 20 camper weight about 500lb when park at the storag lot or while out camp by the second season the base had fatigu and crack in a circular manner and by the third season i had to remov it from servic becaus i felt it would not safe hold the weight of the tongu i wa pretti disappoint consid how much i spent and inconveni is wa to store away ive move on to the 34flipfoot34 jack exten"
"when i bought thi product i thought great i wont need to bring heavi cinder block with me anymor well i wa wrong the top is too narrow for my jack to go on safe when i put the camper on it it seem way to unstabl"
"use it on a surfac on my bmw 328ic near the trunk area i had 2 littl spot approx 1x234 on the left and right that had rust form under the rubber gasket i brush of the rust with a dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and use thi on top let dri for a day befor repaint and appli clear coat it doe not seem to penetr the littl rust remain as other product i use 34rostegal34 from germani mani mani year i live there and that ha been the best product so far you use it onc and just know it work with thi veri liquid product i am not so sure it did not even seem to 34stick34 veri well to vertic surfac for the next job i will look for a 34thicker34 product that will cling more to the treat area"
"i realiz that there are testimoni for thi product actual do what it say it will do i have not had an occa to need it in an emerg and i hope that i never do it doe not inspir confid it feel like someth that would be includ in a child toy tool set extrem lightweight direct state you must hit the window in a specif locat good luck with that in an emerg i wa hope for a tool with enough weight which ad to accel would break the window again i have not use it and i will not trust it in an emerg so i will be look for a better product i do not recommend thi itemat ani cost"
"i had higher hope for thi but for the cost i guess i shouldnt haveunit is light about the weight of a candi bar is how it feel in your hand the cutter ha a horribl entri angl youd think in an emerg your tendenc while use thi would be to pull straight up but thi is angl at more of a 45 degr angl so that wont work quit as well thing have a habit of get caught and fold over with my testingbut the mount oh my it just horribl in everi respect there a littl sheet insid that recommend use sticki back velcro to mount it but the back is hollow with just a few thin line of plastic that the velcro sticki side could even stick to no way there near enough surfac contact for that to be even remot feasibl there are screw mount but not mani peopl want to drill screw through their car interior then it a realli tight pull to get thi thing out of it hard what id want to have to deal with in an emerg tri to pull thi out have the whole thing come out becaus the velcro sticki back couldnt adher to the base at all then tri to pull thi out of the base while im fumbl to pull both side apart from each other while theoret in an emerg situat in which i may be in a dead situat or addl becaus of an impact or airbag deploymentgo to look for a better solut sinc thi one clear is not it"
"i use royal purpl synthet in my last truck for a few year until they start ask arm leg and first born children for the oil i did my homework and start read report of independ lab test i found out that royal purpl rank below mobil 1 and amsoil i switch to the best oil made amsoil and never look back"
"dont buy thi unit buy camco 39062 rv dual flush pro hold tank rinser with gate valv instead thi unit will let you back flush but guess what happen when you want to disconnect the hosei guess it on good for connect a hose for extend the drain"
"after the batteri is most charg thi charger goe to 164 volt and start boil the electrolyt normal when batteri is most charg the voltag should not go that high the charger did not switch to a float mode either as it wa suppo toto make sure it is not a batteri issu i tri to use thi charger on 3 differ batteri and saw the same result charger at 164 volt and boil electrolyt if i wa not keep a close eye on the charger it would have destroy my batteri by boil out all electrolyt i thought thi thing is smart and automaticdid i also mention that one time i wa tri to use the chargers abov for result it wa make a lot of loud noi becaus of a constant run cool fan"
"i wa expect a better charger i could not recommend it to ani onep it work ok but it ha a cheap look to it"
"i plan on use thi unit to charg my auto batteri and then leav it on trickl charg howev it ha a fan which constant run and will wear out just like the fan in the pc do i dont know but i also bet that if the fan bear fail and the blade wont spin the charger microprocessor will not oper for safeti reason realli poor product design to use up fan life when you want to trickl charg a batteri over the winter"
"i tri to charg my car batteri and it show 12v at 40 so after four hour it show 12v at 100 i remov the cabl and after 30 minut it show 121v at 52 and after two hour it wa at 100 let it sit again and it wa 123v at 71 i test the voltag at time while charg and it never went abov 125v i do not believ that thi is a reliabl charger so i return it for a older model se5212a i have use midtron product so i understand the microprocessor and there quirk but noth beat the old tri and true charg that have metal case and transform do yourself a favor and dont buy thi it junk ps it 312 amp not 3612 amp thi charger work if you have a batteri that is weak but if your batteri is under 9 volt you have to keep unplug it and start over and over until it reach a threshold to maintain it the cool fan doe not run all the time and the unit over heat and then i would have to let it cool down and start over again"
"i purcha thi to charg and maintain batteri but the unit i got doe not maintain at all and the cool fan never oper no matter what amp charg set connect to a car batteri i start charg and it show batteri is at 70 which is nice and after full charg at 100 the charger goe into chargemaintain mode but that where it stop work like other have reportedcam back to the batteri after two day and the batteri isnt charg and so i unplug the charger and plug it back in and it show batteri at 52 the batteri is connect to 4 10 watt led light that come on after dark for 6 hour so i expect thi charger to start charg when the batteri is down but that is not the case like how my last batteri chargermaintain work it on seem to charg and not maintain so it be return to amazondont trust it to keep a batteri maintainupd amazon replac charger and wa quick about itbut the new charger arriv doa and now on the way back to amazon for refund done with thi brand"
"i want to use thi to fill transmiss oil into the transmiss after perform a filter chang and drop the transmiss pan it broke not even after put 2 quart in the pan needless to say that i wa not happi as i had to walk to the next car store to buy a replac sinc i coudl not drive with on 2 quart in the tranni buy 2 or 3 to be on the safe side if one fail or use a differ solut to begin with i am use a funnel from now on in combin with a longer plastic tube go down from over the engin"
"first the good it seem well made pump veri easili and move a decent amount of fluid with each pumpth bad it say it fit quart contain but it would not screw on to my redlin quart bottl i also had a gallon jug to pump out which it did not fit on either and while do so the pick up tube drop off into the jug natur the tube is an odd size and noth i could find lay around the garag would fit on there so i end up cut off the top of the jug to retriev the tube so i could finish the job the end result wa quit a mess of gear oil all over the garag floor if you buy thi product make sure the bottom tube is push in place tight"
"pump work great but the deliveri leav a lot to be desir i should have realiz that the cc volum it deliv per pump wa go to take forev to empti a quart of fluid live and learn i will still use it but on when all el fail"
"honesti look like a toy realli is a toythi pump is too weak and it doesnt hold almost noth if you plan to buy check anoth bigger"
"thi didnt do what i need it to which wa to remov glue from my paint car i even heat the remnant of glue and still didnt work im disappoint"
"horribl materi i have to say that thi wa a total wast of money i would not recommend thi to my worst enemi ye i would"
"i bought these for my rv trailer they are too flimsi and thin for the weight ofmi trailer and the do not fit well under the tire the lip is guess you would call it is too thing to fit snug in place there is no string to help you remov or pull them away when pack up i am buy a differ set"
"what wa i think what wa i expect for 4 buck i thought i wa get a solid hard plastic productmayb i didnt read close enough instead i got cheap hollow thin wall plastic that isnt fit to chock a tricycl let alon a 100000 lb trailer these thing will oblit the first time a tire even come in contact your tongu jack and stabil are the on thing that will hold you dont even think about use them when you disconnect from your truck unless your on perfect level ground use a piec of fire wood these thing will crack like an egg in cold weather and melt like putti on ani day over 60 degr isnt there some sort of safeti standard for thi sort of product dont wast your moneywasnt even worth the time to return"
"these thing slip on a hard paint concret floor possibl ok on asphalt but not concret pass on them get someth el"
"had plan to drop these behind the wheel on the truck when we put the boat overbut they want to slip on the concret ramp as soon as the tire tread start to pushdoesnt seem to matter whether i plant them befor ea the tire back or hardplac them at the tire becaus as soon as enough drift happen the tire and chock move togeth"
"i wa expect a solid rubberlik product it look and feel like mould plastic seem to do the job though and it veri lightweightupd chang my mind forgot they were in place and roll my trailer right over the top of them crush them flat worthless in my opinion"
"for myself these might work on becaus my car is veri small and bare weigh 1800lb these are not solid they are a thinner plastic mayb 14 of an inch thick they do howev stack togeth nice to make it easier to store them i wouldnt recommend these to anyon not even a gocart racerwhen i seen rhinogear i imagin thick sturdi rubber chockblock not thin plastic cup"
"i brought thi product to my mechan to see if it is advi to add to my coolant while at servic he told me never use with aluminum radiat also there is noth wrong with my coolant system so he flush the system with distil water and ad toyota red coolant to a mix approxim 5050the mechan ad on royal purpl product he might use is brake fluid for it color so when you flush the brake system you can easier to tell the fluid is clear when purpl fluid start breed outi wa laugh read those review of swear up and down how good all the royal purpl product are those clown are veri like work for or own royal purpl"
"thi thing will mess up your water coolant pump for some reason due to the addit it ha it corrod aluminum part i had to replac mu thermostat and water pump on my 2012 jeep grand cherok royal purpl claim that thi addit is compat with all coolant includ mopar gmcetc i dont think so not from what i experienc i strong suggest you dont use thi product plu it did not make ani differ in cool although i had a 180f thermostat if you are look for better cool go other way such as upgrad radiat or differ thermostat rather than thi cheap product which can damag your coolant system"
"put thi in a envoy xuv with 17500 origin mile hope to mayb squeez a littl mpg base on the other review i read here on amazon what a crock did noth remot close to lower temp just lower my pocket book by 28 and chang becaus i bought 2 bottl base on purpl rep i had email tell me 1oz per quart of capac figur i would then put the rest in my wife accord temp is actual higher i email rep back and here is what he said im sorri that you have notic a temperatur drop as of yet but purpl ice will not caus an increa in oper temperatur wa thi vehicl run hot to begin with if so wa the root caus investigatedno radiat addit will caus an a thermostat control cool system to run consist colder than the thermostat setpoint the thermostat is there to help the engin warm up quick be restrict coolant flow until the coolant reach a certain temperatur that is it function if the coolant goe below that setpoint the thermostat close and the coolant begin to increa in temperatur until the tstat open againif you were not have overh problem whi did you purcha and use a product that is intend to allevi overh problem the product work as exact adverti if you would like the vehicl to run colder that the current tstat setpoint you may tri instal a cooler tstat purpl ice will help you vehicl achiev thi lower temperatur after the mechan restrict to such an end are removedin my opinion fal adverti and a snake oil product bewar"
"the inform on thi product state that thi item it will fit most rv not so not even close there is no way to even motifiy thi item to make it work wa a total wast of money ive had rv for over 40 year and have never even seen a gutter even close to what thi will fit not even worth send back due to the ship return charg be more that thi product cost would not recommend thi product to anyon to bad you have even give it one star in order to leav a review"
"it look good and good qualiti howev descript wa not clear you will need to unscrew the guter and then drill and then put back i did not even tri i had one befor that wa snap on much easier thi one i will not use itsorri"
"the instal wa pretti easi and the theori seem solid howev thi just doesnt work i tri multipl time with almost zero clean i would skip thi product"
"first of all when these work they are pretti use that said i bought 2 one for black water and one for grey and i test the spray nozzl on my garden hose befor instal on one seem to spin fair regular and even that one lock up on occa the one that wa lock up from the begin did spin if you twist it with your finger to give it a push but that obvious go to be imposs onc it installedi chose to instal them becaus even if they arent spin they spray water in an almost 360 degr dome of water so i specul that even if theyr lock up they will help dislodg solid and give your tank that extra rin we all need that said thi uniqu concept of a product is fatal flaw and doe not work reliabl as adverti oh and like other the clear hose that come with it wa also kink bad on both of them which restrict the flow of water quit a bitit an admir attempt by camco but similar to other product from them it hit or miss on the qualiti of manufactur and the effect of an adverti featur set purcha with caution or just settl for the nonspin version from either camco or other vendorsanoth word of caution predril the hole for the mount screw on your tank is not recommend even though the instruct recommend it your tank materi is usual a soft plastic and the screw strip the hole easili predril doe not help plan on use a lot of silicon to make sure it stay on"
"like other review i found that the nozzl spin or not as it choo i test it three differ time and it on spun one of those time obvious thi is someth you cant easili detect or fix onc the unit is installedback to amazon ill use the wanddownthetoilet until i find a product that work proper"
"should you make the mistak of purcha these do yourself a favor befor you cut a hole in one of your hold tank hook thi thing up to a hose to see just how useless it would be actual instal in the tank itself i bought two thought the first one wa just bad becaus the 34tornado34wellwasnt realli is a wast of money thank amazon have a fantast return polici"
"we have tri thi product sever time and found it doe not dissolv as adverti camco 2 pli rv marin toilet tissueit plug up against the gate valv so when you open it to dump the solid and the tissu cannot come throughw have had our black tank line snake twice due to thi product plug up against the drain line gate valv and ye we use the appropri chemicalsdo not use thi product in your rv tri thetford brand although on singl pli it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolv as adverti"
"found the same 4 pack at walmart for 2 less i think amazon is pad price to make up for free shippinga far as the product goe veri thin typic rv paper your finger will go through eventu have soap and sanit readi 4 sheet equal one squar of charmin"
"these are not good i bought them for a fifth wheel land gear pad and they are slipperi and small my land gear almost slip off one of them i would not buy again i went back to good old precut wood block and am glad i did dont wast your money on these junki pad"
"i wa veri optimist about thi product to help avoid the stabal to sink in the grass thi past weekend i use for the first time in the grass it rain and it sank deep and when i pull the stabil up and remov the pad they were bent they do not hold their flat strutur in a soft grass if you do grass camp with motorhom that will not work i am think i will still need a piec of 2x6 under the pad"
"warn updat 20130904 so the wife and i have recent return from a wonder 4 month trip around the usa we left home on april 26 and return on august 19th we tow a 29 airstream natur dure that time we use thecamco 44622 rv wheel stop largea lot we also use the asinb0012fen0k camco 44642 rv wheel stop with padlock on the opposit side i purcha them both at the same time 7 month earlier i did use them befor post my origin review but i use them daili for near 4 month sinc thi past april both are rel easi to put on and remov and they seem secur but we did have a seriou incid which scare the hll out of us and is whi ive lower my origin star from 5 to 2do not trust these devic to prevent your trailer from roll we near had a seriou accid in a state campground in new mexico where we were on a slight back to front inclin at the time these devic were all we were use to hold our wheel our tongu jack wa rest on avalterra a100900 red trailer tongu jack stand in my opinion anoth danger product long stori short the camco wheel stop did not hold and our trailer roll back over a foot tip off the valterra jack stand crash our tongu jack to the ground after chang our britch and find that fortun noth had been damag other than our ego we jack the tongu back up and place rock behind and between our wheel to chock them we immedi stop use the valterra jack stand temporarili i use some of the yellow interlock level block i purcha at camp world cover with an 8 2x6 eventu i got a scrap piec of an 8x6 beam and cut it to 8x8x6 thi make a nice wide squat tongu rest and it will not tip over we also purcha some good old fashion wheel chock and continu to alway back up our camco wheel stop with wheel chocksw were lucki neither of us were hurt and no damag wa done my hope is that by relat thi experi i will prevent it from happen to other happi travel"
"i tri to be care so i enter my car inform amazon fit check show that it would fit 1996 lexu ls400 i order and found out it didnt fit my car ha an arm that requir the thin side but thi wiper blade is too big to fit"
"i bought these caus the price seem goodthey chatter unless it pour out i wont get them again for sure if you want good wiper get the rainx lattitud or trico neoform they are both superior to bosch crap"
"i bought thi becaus it come up when search for a cadillac eldorado 1994 but thi blade is too curv it stand an inch abov the window in the middl the whole way across"
"these are wellbuilt made in china though not like previou bosch from europ they seem to be longlast and streak free but the 26 left a huge swath of my windshield unclear on my 07 accord the 18 work great though"
"i purcha two bosch evolut blade for my 2007 hyundai accent on 02072014 today 05192014 i final gave up and replac them i have never had wiper blade that perform thi poor there wa almost no contact with the windshield on either side they left haze and streak and would spatter water about requir incess rewip of the windshield to get it to clear thi the 2234 blade frequent chatter and hop when there wa on light moistur ive never had new beam style wiper blade do thati purcha these evolut blade becaus last season i had a set of bosch clear advantag on the car and realli like the way they perform unfortun none of the local store had them in stock when i need new blade so i thought spend more on these supposed better evolut blade would be a nobrain with less than 3000 mile and three month of use i just threw away thirti buck becaus i trust a compani to make a qualiti producthigh dissatisfi"
"i bought these at my local fireston becaus there wa a special on wiper blade i paid 8 dollar for a pairi need replac wiper blade as my oem nissan one were start to streaki clean my windshield and put these wiper blade on first raini day came after 2 month of put them on and they streak these are terribl blade my oem nissan one that were older than these bosch blade streak lessi didnt expect thi from bosch at allit wa past the 30 day return so i cant return them at all stuck with them until the next falli do not recommend"
"made in china poor qualiti item that doe not befit the robert bosch brand at allnot for winter for sureth origin of the product should be state at the product pageif i knew it were a madeinchina i would not have bought it"
"i thought these would be better than the 5 anco one but they arent they are the same at best save your money and buy the cheapi"
"bosch ha alway been my wiper blade choic until now these blade just do not conform to the windshield it not on an unusu vehicl just a plain old dodg dakota they miss strip in both pass result in a messi windshield most of the time"
"these are suppo to fit but do not clip well the hole are too small save your cash and just get the wiper direct from a bmw dealer they are not that much more expen thi wa a complet wast of time and money"
"these seem to be ok cheaper than oem better than unbrand part seem to get a year or two befor they disintegrateupdatedo not fit hitachi l4 f23a4 distributorw to instal and is wrong part will tri to exchang or return dont trust that amazon thi part fit yourcar thing at the top of your page i tri sever part and a few were wrong"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it after remov the cap i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap that came with the cap see my other review there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr thi rotor wa a pita to remov due to the lousi cap the rotor wa rust on and had to be cut off even after instal the new one i tri to remov it just out of curio and it wa veri hard to remov ive never had thi problem with oem part i wont buy thi rotor or the match cap again"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it when remov the exist one i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr the match rotor wa a pita to remov which i will explain in the rotor review i wont buy thi or the rotor again"
"purcha as a replac for a 2004 ford tauru last about 7 month befor it burn out replac thi item with ngk brand oem manufactur i do not recommend thi item if you plan on keep the car"
"i got a small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to a t the slime clot in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove a few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over a few hour and it held the next day i drove to work and when i came to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got a lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing a bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in a pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit review put anoth way there is at least a 25 chanc thi product will be a disast for you a 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use a more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for a product like thi a 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be a good rate for a tv but for a product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as a car tire have a 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"when i order thi i wa guarant fitment on a toyota 3sfe engin when it arriv it wa not the correct size i left two star becaus i did run out and buy the correct size from anoth store howev i didnt want to have to do thi when i had all the rest of my part ship in"
"the amazon fitment guid said thi would fit my 2004 chevrolet silverado ls 58l v8 it did screw into the tank open but after about five minut of drive i got a 34tighten fuel cap34 warn on my truck comput thi cap can on be tighten so tight befor it start to 34click34 it turn out that my truck ha a cap that doe not have thread on it like thi model ha look close at your factori ga cap if it doesn have thread and ha a geometr triangl pattern on the side of it skip thi cap i end up get an acdelco gt264 cap from amazon and it work just like the factori cap the amazon pictur for the gt264 doe not show a side view of the cap but all you have to do is googl the model number and there are hundr of pictur on the internet i commend amazon for their great ship and return polici i will never take them for grant i am a true lifetim amazon custom"
"thi cap wa not good for my vehicl the truck emiss light came on which mean the ga cap is not good and did not seal good"
"the websit assur me thi wa a correct part for my model and year of honda well the sensor wa right but the connector wa femal rather than the need male connector the vendor need to updat hi spec the part wa almost right but complet wrong"
"veri cheap lock mechan fell out the first time i use thi cap pass on thi one cheap cheap cheap wast of money"
"i wound up spend 200 or more replac my vent valv solenoid purg valv and evap canist becaus i wa sold a defect acdelco gt276 ga cap i got the dread p0400 code and learn the first thing to check is the ga cap bought the delco brand becaus of the tassl and hope that it would be the same as the oem cap well it notaft replac the ga cap and get the same code a coupl week later i began to tri and troubleshoot the evap system and quick learn that it is a boogeraft spend the time and money to replac the abov mention part and continu to get the se light and monitor result thru my systemcod reader i turn my focu back to the ga cap i had notic that the tension on the cap befor it began to click wasnt even as strong as the old oem cap i had replac at my wit end i decid to go ahead and purcha the stant brand ga cap and give it a shot i read some good review about stant the new cap arriv and the tension and fit on it wa 10 time better than thi cap after replac with the stant cap i monitor the car system and it pass the evap check at that time i felt reliev that i found my problem but i wa also peev that i had spent 200 on other part becaus of thi defect cap so i would advi anybodi out there to buy a stant instead oh and the delco is made in germani"
"while amazon normal ha a veri updat and accur fitment chart the one for thi item wa off the item wa as describ and the pictur wa accur of what the item look like howev fitment show it would fit my 02 taho with the 53 l engin thi is not true for one reason flex fuel if you have a flex fuel 53 engin the filter is veri differ you not on need a special tool to relea the differ type of quick disconnect but you also have to get a differ filter make sure you do your research prior to order from the more accur fitment chart from the actual brand websit if you dont have flex fuel on your engin thi should be the right one and it just a matter of purg the fuel system and break free 2 flare nut on either side the chang on take about 10 minut make sure you know what you need befor order"
"deliv today and look forward to have thi new cap to possibl get rid of the check engin light code for ga cap wrong capthey sent the one for a 2004 chevrolet suburban 1500 ls flex fuel engineso dont trust the amazon check car app to see if it match your vehiclethi ha been twice that the app ha been wronganywaythi cap is for the flex not the non flex fuel enginedif is the flex is the screw cap type the normal fuel engin is a plug styleonc you open the packag you cant it back almost like burn 20ish dollar with a lighternot a happi camper"
"i order two of these filter the packag wa safe and nice with more than enough pad in the box howev both of the filter were defect with top of the metal can were benti return them for a refundmet endcap on both side make the total filter area smaller than equiv toyota filtersmayb a reason to use the bigger size"
"in the review of thi sheepskin pad i found two differ opinion one excel one not i need two pad and decid to chanc it and so order item 8000caint8 019912525297 when they arriv one wa simpli outstand the other could not have been much wor the sheepskin or whatev it wa wa thin and rag it look like my dog had been chew it the other wa thick and fluffi and fit perfectlyi also order one fabric ergo seat belt shoulder pad as a backup item 8001sl9lyg 019912535920 thi pad is a bit smaller but work realli well i am veri plea with it and will use it on anoth vehiclenon of the three pad had ani notic odor and all fit welli am sorri for those order to have to face thi qualiti situat the good sheepskin pad is perfect but both sheepskin pad have the same number019912525297 if you realli need a pad as i did for neck injuri i recommend tri the sheepskin you might get lucki the fabric pad is extrem nice as well"
"the plastic wa broken when i receiv it doesnt appear to affect function or fit of the filter though so it is in my car today"
"i bought thi from amazon last year and went to use it again the other day the cap had rust through for some reason i keep thi in a waterproof toolbox with a desicc to keep the humid low but somehow it just rot away they product itself is great but it pretti hard to use now that the lid is gone"
"i thought these were great becaus they work great at first but it wasnt long until they start streak just a few month i believ the streak wa veri notic and annoy"
"2 day after i instal these i notic the driver side wiper look loosecrook i went to inspect it and the littl plastic piec that lock onto the wiper had crack i figur i just had a dud so i return it to amazon and they sent me a new one right awaythi time the blade last about a month and then the same exact thing happen the same plastic piec crack mayb it cant handl the cold weather or someth it is veri thin cheap plastici usual buy bosch brand wiper but amazon had these on sale for 2 for 20 so i gave them a tri ill be stick with bosch for now on"
"too hard to instal compar with other brandsi am go to return to rainx brand in the futur even though it cost more it will save my finger from get bloodi"
"pick one of these up becaus it indic itd fit with my dodg calib but unfortun it did not i didnt want to deal with the hassl of return thi so instead i remov the blade from the wiper itself and slide them into my old oem one it work fine after do that but it wa a lot more of a headach than a quick and easi swap i would certain have prefer"
"i am disappoint with the valeo wiper they were expen and have fail to deliv better perform than the cheaper wiper in fact they began to streak notic on two of the three vehicl that i instal them on after on one month of use dont wast your money get the cheaper wiper and refil"
"on my car windshield i lost one piec while drive in the rain i dont know whi it came off complet without warn"
"i purcha thi for my honda accord it align terribl with the contour of my windshield and miss about 4534 of the windshield when wipe i had a must more posit align experi with my truck thu 2 star instead of just 1"
"veri small car on suv or truck or larg car tire do not fit well between the ridg and deform the product i fasten the mat down with 4 tapcon concret screw each 2 inch long into my garag slab the lead edg of the mat tore off the screw and fold up the adh strip behind the mat wa also useless i would have had better result with a 2 x 4 piec of fir or pine and concret screw it to the garag slab you also have to aim the car perfect when you park it becaus the mat is on as wide as the tire i cant return it becaus it damag from use due to faulti design wast my money"
"didnt work gimmick dont take thi product as anyth better than ani other product claim to do the same thing"
"i origin purcha the deltran batteri tender jr 0210123 to keep the batteri on my vehicl charg as it8217 adverti of be capabl of do so on the packag thi batteri tender did not charg the batteri on my car within the 72 hour window and turn off ha a builtin timer i call deltran 8774567901 and wa told by custom servic that the deltran batteri tender jr wa too small to use on a cartruck batteri and that i should have purcha the deltran batteri tender plu i eventu purcha the deltran batteri tender plu 0210128 and the deltran 125 ft exten lead dbt081014812 the deltran batteri tender jr work fine on my walk behind lawn mower with electr start and should be fine for anyth with a small batteri i would suggest that you purcha the deltran batteri tender plu so you can have the option of use it on more equip deltran should chang the label on the deltran batteri tender jr if it8217 not realli intend for cartruck batteri check out batterytendercom for deltrans8217 complet line"
"i had one of these and paid way to much for it i bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteri befor daisi chain them for a 36v scooter got it out recent to do the same with 4 small scooter batteri and it burnt out befor i could them done im buy a real sc300a chargermaintain for about what i paid for thi thing thi is a miniscul 075amp compar to 30amp for the sc300a both come with the same 3 connector"
"for mani mani year i use the batteri tender jr on all my store batteri with no problem the light is either green or red no light indic either a bad connect or the tender is dead in which case you chuck it and buy a new one but last year my garag went up in flame the caus determin by investig from the local fire captain fire marshal and a privat investig hire by my insur compani wa a batteri tender jr the on thing plug in and oper in the garag it wa plug into my lawn tractorim not sure how old the tender wa that caus the fire but on thursday even the light wa green indic it wa work proper less than 36 hr later it had malfunct and appar overh enough to ignit the wall behind it anoth review comment hi becam so hot it melt the case he wa veri lucki could it happen with other brand i dont know and dont want to find out but thi is my person experi im go to tri anoth name brand tender now"
"the batteri is brand new and bare use i bought a batteri tender to keep the batteri charg becaus of the lack of use the batteri tender jr top off the charg within 15 to 30 minut the first 4 time i use the tender then the fifth time the tender charg light stay red i phone deltran to discuss the first person interrupt my first sentenc to tell me it take up to 72 hour to charg i tri to tell her how i dont use the batteri and about the 4 previou charg take on minut and sudden 5 wa differ but she kept innterrupt me to lectur me that i had to let her finish talk no clue how she could provid usabl inform sinc she didnt let me explain what ha happen after she went on lectur excess about let her talk i final ask for anoth technician who wa excel i did a coupl test with her on the phone and while the indic light pass the function test it stay red when connect to the batteri one thing i learn wa that after two hour the charger should have been hot and it wa on warm to the touchlat my brother test the charger and it is not give power batteri is fine amz return polici expir two month after the purcha so i email deltran to see about get it replac havent heard back yet"
"probabl a good filter but didnt fit the applic amazon made it right but be sure thi fit your car befor buy"
"havent had the need for it just yetbut took it out of the packag to look ati realli dont think thi will fit my need in prevent ice snow on the winshieldnot flexibl enough to lay flat against the winshieldmight work ok as a sun shade insid though"
"i have a full size sedan and thi windshield cover wa too small it also tend to 34ride up34 the window and not keep the wiper cover"
"bought one from amazon wareh that came with the lower tool tray crack where the front wheel bolt on obvious a custom return but still bad design easi to over tighten bolt and snap the plastic want to like thi littl seat but it so cheap and i doubt i will pass it down to my kid you have to view thi item as a good deal and run with it your not buy thi item for the qualitypross nice and compact but enough to save your kneesbackpr 21 amazon warehouselook cool add charact to your shopgarageconsqu not veri gooddur plastic tool tray is veri thin no doubt will one day shatter to piec"
"the whole thing is made of plastic so if you over tighten even the tiniest bit you strip the plastic thread and you end with with a hand of plastic piec that can no longer be secur to the hood of your carit a veri fine balanc between loo snug and too tight with thi kit i wa screw the star nut by hand to tighten down the nozzl to the hood i could feel the nut just get a bit snug when all of a sudden the littl resist i wa feel went to noth and then i realiz that the plastic thread in the plastic screw had strip out of the plastic nut so the left wiper nozzl now freeli move around the hood of my car despit tri to glue it down and use electr tape to keep it one spot veri annoy sinc i bare put ani signif amount of pressur on the nut"
"ok i think thi is way overpr for the product you buy it defiant overpr and it basic just a bag and it not attach to noth so ye you can place your lock kay in there but where can you place it if it not attach to noth"
"2000 bmw 323i 5 speed transmiss went rought instead of smooth as the product claimi flush it 2 month after and it wa dark black and smell like veri old transmiss oilrefil with royal purpledont like redlin"
"after read such rave review everywh i decid to chang my manual tran oil in my mazda 3 to the red line i chang it at approxim 50k mile unfortun im not happi with the result at allth main reason i decid to chang to red line it wa becaus i had read it wa suppo to do better in cold weather than the stock oil and i figur 50k wa a reason time to chang it ye earlier than manual recommend the stock oil wa veri stiff to shift with when the temp got into the teen and below but shift fine for the most part when warm up or in warm weather now that ive put the red line in shift is frustrat and notchi at all time it can be difficult to get into first and second gear warm up doesnt smooth it out it is ind less stiff in the cold but at the cost of poor shift the rest of the timeit been almost 5 month now and i realli wish i didnt chang to thi oil im think ill end up switch to someth el or back to whatev wa stock thi summer so much for 34improv shiftability34 and 34help prevent hard shifting34 wish i could share in ever one el success"
"i have been use mobil 1 1 30 in my ax15 5 speed manual tran yj and it work fine but everyon said thi is the stuff to use i switch to it and now the shifter is harder to engag need to go into first to get into rever just not as good as the mobil 1 and more expen"
"had redlin mt90 transmiss fluid in my 2008 mazdaspeed3 for about 1200 mile although redlin wa recommend on some onlin forum it did not work well for me when shift from 1st to 2nd gear until the car wa warm up if the temperatur where you live is alway abov 50 degr redlin would probabl be fine in thi vehicl anyway i replac the redlin fluid with ford xtm5q fluid and that ha solv my problem all shift feel butteri smooth and the car is a pleasur to drive again"
"14 a quart now for atf amazon ha to keep the price at 1049 per bottl otherwi there is no point in buy it from amazon local autorac store sell it for 1049a for perform i did 3 drain and refil on my car i have not seen ani differ in shift the fluid get dark veri fast after drive a few mile unlik some other atf"
"suppo to slip in well you gotta smash it in and am scare to tri it with my trailer hitch lightswanna see if i can return it"
"thi adapt work for certain function such as the brake light and turn signal it is miss the center pin ground need for the run light to work i purcha anoth manufactur unit elsewh and the system now work fine thi is a cheap inadequ part"
"i replac my honda fit horn with thi disappoint all the review that said thi is not loud were correctit sound like the stock horn thi wa a wast of time and money"
"sound better than the oem horn on my bike but it on work for a littl over a year then croak"
"el grand translat to the largest hope fiamm isnt a womanown compani otherwi theyv been live their live full of disappointmentw to get the attent of other driver dont instal the horn instead keep them in your glove box and simpli throw them at the car of the driver who piss you offfiamm should have use a room full of bitchi ex wive as their design target"
"i bought thi to spray color stain but tri it out with oil base enamel paint first had to thin the enamel rustoleum 3040 befor it would spray proper ye thi work with thin materi close to the visco of water good finish minim overspray easi applic next i tri a latex stain even after it wa thin 5060 it would not spray well total useless for thi materi water clean up requir a lot of scrub becaus the paint that get in the air passag end up be blow dri im glad i have less than 55 into mine becaus it not worth the retail price buy spray can instead no clean up and less expen"
"if u buy thi unit for your own sake on use water clean up materi becaus you will be doin a lot of it unlik my oth hvlp system i use for urathan and fine finish thi unit get materi everywh and most where you dont want it"
"perform noth like what it adverti it is veri weak and easili overspray an area if you use it indoor make sure you have everi other thing cover if you dont almost everyth will be sprinkl with paint i found thi out and had to stop and do the paint job by hand so i basic have it store away forev now never to be use again i fulli disagr with the high volum low pressur that the product claim as the volum it output is actual veri low and sprink rather than a good solid wall of paint like those cheap spray paint in a can you are better off use a paintbrush or roller faster and better control"
"kn filter are some of the best i have ever use but there is a major problem with the descript it state thi filer will work on a 2003 flhtcui ultra classic electra glide it doe not i bought 4 of these think they did due to the descript say it would work on my bike i went thru two filter think the first one wa defect i the bought and chang out the oil filter hous think it went bad and instal a third one it still leak bad after take it for a ride i final look on anoth site and saw thi would not work for my bike the kn170 work but not the kn171 the on reason im give it two star is due to the incorrect descript it end up cost me a lot of money 4984 for 4 filter and 6500 for the part and a lot of hour chang out a unne part thi is the first time i have been let down by amazon with a incorrect descript it took me to long to do all of the chang out of part to get ani refund so 11484 thrown out the window about 6 hour in labor and the frustrat of it all"
"after 200300 mile i realiz i had a leak from under my sv1000 after investig it wa the ore that wa dri rot no tell how long thi thing sat on the shelf befor it wa sent to me i guess thi is a problem that could have happen when buy it from a local store but nonetheless frustrat"
"these filter now come from koreachina etc they are no longer usa made i have read on some forum that when the manufactur move oversea that the filtrat percentag ha also decrea for the price they are charg it doesnt seem worth it anymor i usual stick with oem filter which is what i did for my vfr ye the 17mm nut is nice but im not go to spend more and risk filtrat for ea of instal"
"youll notic that all the five star review go back a coupl of year when thi bag wa obvious made of nyloncanva and wa a qualiti product sinc then the manufactur ha chang it into a cheap piec of plastic materi that look for all the world like a larg and admitted reinforc hefti bag it plastic insid and out with some type of reinforc fiber woven through it feel like it about 67mil thick the accompani warn about ad a down piec to your tailpip should be well heed becaus even with the exhaust 78 inch away it will melt thi productspeak of melt i have seriou doubt about the durabl of thi product in extrem cold it will either becom too stiff to work with or crack neither a desir outcom about the on good thing i can say is that it is obvious waterproof with a good zipper system built into it unfortun i had to keep it becaus i actual took it out of the box think that mayb the insid wa canva and they had move the plastic coat to the outsid for better weather protect well onc it out of the box and open i defi ani normal human to roll it back up to the size to fit back in the boxoh and the pictur of the box it came in is not repr of what is insid the box so amazon is simpli use the adverti literatur provid by the manufactur although they should still remov it from their inventori or sell it for the 25 it obvious worth find yourself a higher qualiti product that will last for more than a few trip and if it cost a littl more in the end it will be worth it unfortun for me thi is one of the veri few product that is the correct size for my rear hitch carrierl editwhil the product remain question amazon came through in their typic custom orient fashion and made it good with me they also promi to look into the issu with the item and delet it from their inventori if appropri"
"some month ago there wa a review here where a tacoma 27l owner talk about purol filter be too restrict caus excess valv noi and possibl contribut to the ear demi of hi engin i dont know where that review went but have use wix or purol filter exclus on my 2008 tacoma i have notic occa where it wa except valvey sound though i did not equat it with a particular oil filter be on it on my last oil chang i replac the purol that wa on there with a toyota filter and use the same weight mobil 1 oil that i alway use and the valv noi went away i realiz now that our old corolla went through period where i thought the valv noi wa excess too and it wa probabl when i had a purol on it i hate to say thi about purol becaus i have alway consid them to be fantast filter but mayb they dont play well with toyota i am go to stick with toyota filter from now onedit i final found the other review i had seen and it wa post to the purol pl14476 which is the corolla filter instead of thi one as i had thought now there are 2 review there talk about the same issu"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failmayb anyth but fram would be the best advic"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failfram is anoth way of call someth a failur"
"filter is one of the best price is one of the worst in the marketwhen you can get one of these for 538 at kmart whi would you even want to buy it from amazoni do not"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh like an automot mcdonald big mac and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram fail"
"purcha juli 2013 use for 7500 mile and care cut open with a longacr tool the media had a tear at the attach of a pleat to the end capi have pic but curious neither the page nor the review allow pictur to be upload take a look over on bitog forum for pictur sinc most filter are thrown away uncut most peopl will never know about thi problem i guess i could make a video but im done with purol for a few decad whi wast my time"
"im not sure what i wa expect when i order these licen plate shield i order two nouveau frame to go along with them but pair togeth they didnt live up to my expect my licen plate stuck out slight around the edg and i just wasnt dig the look i gave these to a friend who seem more than happi with them to each hi own these just arent for me"
"warn result may vari especi if you dont fix the crack immediatelyboth of my car got windshield crack one had a long crack from the right side to the middel of the glassth other is more recent and had a crack no more than 1 in diametersinc the crack ive had to wash the car use the windshield fluid drive for a about 2 month befor i bought thi kit and attempt the repairth result is not good it is just about as visibl as it wa befor the repair done it step by step to the instruct given but i think the pressur to inject the epoxi into the crack is not enough pressur so it doesnt realli get into the gapsi then use the remain liquid epoxi to repair the other long crack and to no surpri it did littl improv to the long cracki am not say it not a good product it even patent with patent number print on the blister packbut buyer be warn and repair ani crack asap without wash the car or drive under dusti conditionsi even clean the crack area with cleaner spray for my mac comput it as good as you can get but still not good enough becaus dirt ha alreadi gotten into the gap i thinkgood luck on your repair and rememb time is of the essenc"
"i bought these main becaus they were cheap and sometim passeng have difficulti climb into my tj howev onc instal they look total ridicul on the roll bar they are huge look veri out of place qualiti of the product seem decent it just the appear of it on the vehicl i dont like"
"i wa veri disappoint with thi product i purcha thi product base on the great review here it say on the label it is a industri and machineri cleaner i am rebuild a mobil scooter so i want to clean the grea out of the transmiss after drain the oil out of the transmiss and dissembl it i soak the case all night tri differ mixtur and it did absolut noth dawn dish wash liquid did a better job then thi product the residu just smear but thi chemic didnt dissolv ani of the grea or stain i wont purcha again that is for sure"
"i bought a pair one year ago base on the good review it is cheapli made and doe not stay in place the strap are poor qualiti they do not fit easili and the tension ha alreadi tore one of the strap up complet render it useless so i am left with one on the pictur is mislead and there is no way it will look like that most probabl it will be someth that repeated pile up at your back and at everi red light you will battl to reloc it the on posit thing about it is that it is comfort if you manag to keep it at place i have alreadi start look for altern dont buy"
"product look good pad a bit thin elast strap secur the vertic back of cushion stretch easili but lose it elast veri quick therefor allow the back to move far too much the seat of the cushion ha four veri thin holddown strap that depend on tini plastic hook to secur it in place seat cushion constant come loo these hook are so small they bare are abl to grip the car seat baseplast surround with a more robust secur system thi would be an adequ product in it present form keep lookingth 5 star review snooker me into thi purcha im glad the product work for these review but it fail miser when use on a bmw seat"
"rubber is way to soft they all 4 tore within three day need to be made of neoprem or someth stronger wont buy again"
"my screen door is metal insert and thi closur kit will not work to close it without major modif cannot recommend the manufactur could be clearer as to where and how thi work becaus i see a lot of rv where i live where thi type of devic is useless and peopl wast money buy it"
"kit did not work the way i thought it would had a hard time keep the spring attach either to the door or rv bodi spring is so strong that it kept pull the screw out of the door or rv bodi would not use thi item i end up not use is at allwould not recommend thi kit"
"although i consid myself reason handi i could never find a way to instal thi screen door closur kit on my winnebagoitasca motorhom none of the exampl cite in the instruct would appli to my screen door fortun i had less than six buck invest so it wa no great loss to throw the kit away"
"2 of these were purcha and one arriv damag howev they were so flimsi that i decid these were not the solut to place some sort of grill on the rv screen door whoever make these should be asham becaus it is a rip off and amazon should not sell them"
"thi level indic work great on cool day 6580 degr outsid i use it on the afram of my 34 foot trailer on hot day the water insid the level expand to such a degr that the bubbl is no longer present when i first experienc thi i thought all the liquid had leak out the next morn when it wa cool outsid the bubbl had miracul reappear as a result i cannot depend on thi level to keep my trailer level it might work if i had not perman instal it on the afram kept it cool until i need to use it but be expo to the hot utah temperatur make thi level undepend"
"would not stay in place ever one who use it push it the wrong way had to be reset each time it wa use better off with out it"
"if your think about get thi devic take a look at the camco screen door cross bar insteadthi is a pain in the s to instal and wear quit easili"
"i found out by accid that on my rv you can simpli push down on the round handl that is on the slider and that will open the door so at least for my rv 2012 keyston springdal tt thi devic is not need you might want to tri it on your too thi wa not in ani manual that came with my rv but it is clear design to work thi way the slider is spring load in the vertic dimen"
"okthi seem like a good idea howev the instruct call for a 916 drill bit good luck find that i have sever bit set and none of them had thi size home depot said the could special order it obvious it would have made much more sen to have an instal that use readili avail tool one could spend more on the instal materi aka unusu size drill bit than on the actual product"
"these look descent when put up in my travel trailer but where on the floor the next day then on the floor the day after the doubl side tape suck on these and need a more heavi duti industri type hold doubl side tapewhen put up you can see the white doubl side tape form the side and it look a bit uglynot impress at all and bought differ organ from camp world that look way better and hold perfect and are flushwa past my 30 day return so i sold these on ebay for a few buck lost 90 of my origin purcha pricei would never buy these againbut all depend on the surfac and for the price i guess they would okay for some if they would holdnot for me and my trailer though"
"purcha 3 good idea and work for about 23 week then i open up my rv one day to find them on the ground doubl side tape is a major flaw i on had 2 dvd in one and other 2 empti so should of held up i did everyth like clean the wall prior to instal but still cant expect a thin piec of tape to hold it for to long anoth thing is you can see the white foam tape on the side after attach which look poor i didnt give up thoughi mount them with small brass l bracket and screw now and no more issu"
"thi would be a great idea if it actual wasnt too tall to fit insid our camper cabinet i measur thi befor order and thought it would fit but you realli cant judg how your knive will fit in it from the descript most of our knive were too thick at the handl or too wide at the blade to sit down insid it fulli therefor they would stick up too high and would prevent the cabinet door from close it wa a wast and i didnt use iti recommend instead buy a full knife set with holder and over product dimen and do some thought measur"
"we start with thi one but were loath to drill into the door to secur it we tri doubl side tape but the plastic wa warp and curv and would not stay thi product is cheap in everi sen it doe not hold that mani bag and is a bit of a pain to use sinc it doe not hold that much and you realli have to push and pull to get the bag in and out we replac it with a metal version that hang over the top of the door and is work much better"
"doesnt hang veri secur to under sink door even when i gentli put bag in or out i have to hold it with my other hand worri it will come apart"
"would i buy thi again no here whi i miss it but no where do they say these are sheep skin i may be wrong but suspect thi one i got is domest goat skin a smaller one i bought i have no doubt is pig skin sinc they are made in china thi ha made me realli compar and check them close sinc most chine product are inferior qualiti first the packag ha 4 larg stapl that go through the skin everi layer and if you dont open these care you will tear it sinc they doubl back on themselv some review report hole develop when use and i can believ that second no where doe thi compani say it is lamb or sheep skin which lead me to believ it probabl is pig or domest goat skin or hor hide is it go to scratch my new car paint or hold up long good question i also bought the 2 foot one and have no doubt it not sheep or lamb skin ill review it later and probabl will never use it on my car paint sinc i fear it will scratch the new clear coat paint the 5 foot one is thin enough and buf fair well so it soft but i have the acm brand made in turkey also same size and those have instruct to wash with a mild soap to remov excess cod oil befor use that normal and when you do you will see the excess oil i use mild bar hand soap these detail choic one dont tell you that and if you compar them you can see a differ in the amount of oil use when look at them unwash as an asid the chine made chamoi have had import restrict place on them in europ due to the inferior qualiti decept adverti etc but not those from turkey both of the detail choic leather skin are cut nice and rectangular which show they come from a larg skin now i dont often write neg review but check what im say by research on the net if i had done that first i would never have bought these ye i could return them but after deduct the return fee and ship it isnt worth it i think of thi mistak as a lesson learn and would not recommend these nor buy them again other neg review are probabl right on the markaddendum after write thi review while show these to my wife i laid them on a dark bedspread mistak sinc they left a ton of hide lint behind on it had to vacuum so i wash them with hand soap and water in a sink and couldnt believ the amount of hide lint in the water wash them twice then rin them three time and wa still get a larg amount of hide lint come off my wife saw that and saidno way are you use those on my car haaa so my next step is to hang them out side after dri and use a water hose to tri and stop the lint problem im 69 year old and have use both synthet and natur chamoi for year and have never seen anyth to match thi with that much lint come off no way to wax after use anoth neg review rate them as a po and believ he ha that right never would buy again nor recommend to anyon hope thi help someon not to make a mistak"
"thi chamoi is veri thin and will not last long i purcha same item two month ago and is fall apart after purcha again realiz thi chamoi is too thin and will not hold up with repeat usag"
"purcha thi for my garag but wa disappoint the titl say thi is a smart charger but it is actual just a big linear charger wor thi charger never shut off so you cannot leav it connect for long period of time so i took one star off for bad descript and one star for charger not be turn off the build qualiti is rather cheap so i took anoth star off for that over not for me i will be send thi unit back"
"at least my car wa in the driveway when it decid not to start so it wasnt too bad i am now search on amazon for one with higher than 400 powerit would not start my six cylind engin on my crossfir i think it will be ok in the other vehicl that have four cylind no way thi would ever start a v8 it wa fulli charg just not enough oomph the kk model look interest but i am not excit about have to tend them while they are charg to prevent damag unit doe work well for power less tax thing though and the pump work well just wont start your car if you have a six cylind or upin the end just use them for mobil compressor to air up tire until they all diedhop thi help"
"amazon realli need to check some of their cross refer chart thi doe not it a 2011 kia lx sorento"
"so happi to receiv it sooner than i thought got veri disappoint with all miss stuff in the box manual etc"
"tri unit out when i first bought it everyth seem ok did not use for a month and then when i tri it again background light no longer work on use it onc prior to light burn out too late to return unit with incur ship cost"
"i give it 2 star becaus of the following1 it stick out by about 4 inch from the dash so it veri ackward to leav it in the dash2 it will stay on even when the car is complet turn off3 i call the manufactur and ask them the current draw they search and could not tell meso base on the abov point i have to give it a 2 star i dont feel comfort leav it plug in all the time as it might drain my batteri but if you want to use it as a tester from time to time it will work veri well"
"first of all the unit show you voltag with a total of 4 digitssecond onc the car is start you get a circlu arrow in the left top corner of the display indic that a charg is occur howev thi is a static icon it doe not rotat as at least i would have excepti also get a bar on the right side of the display show the batteri charg level and a 3light indic at the bottom and in case you should forget i guess they even ad a littl batteri icon in the displayhowev i serious question the accuraci of these unit thi is the second onewhen plug in my van ha multipl outlet i check on 4 of them the unit show 114 volt and a red light wow never had an issu with my batteri nor charg system start the car which it did fine unit show 148 volt reallyi went to the shop and had everyth check my highoutput altern 120 amp wa work abov manufactur spec my 1000 cold crank amp batteri is in excel conditioni exchang the unit the replac show the same odd number now the manual you can download from equu wich doe not come with the unit state issu like that there could be dirti batteri termin etc etc i had the shop check the voltag on my cigarett lighter which a regular voltmet and it show complet differ numbersw even hook up the car charger which went into float charg mean batteri is full within 2 minutesth on reason to have thi monitor would be to well monitor your batteri for thi you need accur read and i can not see these on thi unit"
"innova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesi purcha thi product last month and i dont know whi it read your onboard comput alright but if you want a detail report of a problem you might be have with your check engin light on they charg you a fee for a complet detail reportautozoneadvanceauto and carquest will test your vehicl free of charg and will provid you with a detail report for freeth fleec of america continu by onlin companiesamazon shame of you"
"im surpri so mani peopl give thi high mark to me it seem like noth but a come on to get you to buy a 20month websit servic with which to interpret the read"
"batteri test light quit work after after two or three time use itdont wast your"
"i am not impress with thi multimet the control are not intuit to anyon who is use to use multimet the batteri check function is just a gimmick i am not comfort with a meter that alway show a read even when not connect to anyth"
"ok ye i know thi should keep everyth in place and tight but doesnt look veri tight and it ha lot of play in it not my time"
"my petit wife stand at 53 in her 50 cut through the top portion the harden steel portion of the lock in 75 minut with a hand saw blade imagin what a power tool would have done through thi locki cant recommend it"
"i just got two of these for my avalanch they are veri load and easi to hook up and mount i had to come back and edit my review becaus one ha blown out and the other one sound funni wo both work i just order new horn and tri to mount in a differ spot i wa unawar you can not mount these in oem positionev they are not water proof soo i will be replac with differ horn"
"i bought thi to do some reviv on some plastic i actual wrote a small articl in a diy forum for ram truck it look good at first but 3 month later all the black ha come offthi doesnt seem to trueli be a dye more of a paint on color i clean and prep everyth well and dont believ that to be the issu"
"i follow the instruct to the t on my 10 wrangler i let it dri 34 hour between three coat the first time it rain the finish spot up and look terribl veri disappoint"
"i bought thi for the wrong jeep so i return it anyway but it seem veri flimsi to me a screwdriv could easili get thi mechan open"
"i use thi is a 2008 freightlin with a detroit engin the engin wa in good shape but i just had to tri it it did noth snake oil i tell ya pure snake oil"
"i am disappoint on how well you can see through it i bought it think it wa mirror to be use as a sunblock thi one is too seethrough for my tast i had an agv helmet with a mirror faceshield that wa realli like a mirrorupd after 1 month the silverpl spot up and rub off after a rainstorm i have never use anyth but water to clean it veri diappoint"
"to start off i bought thi product from amazon and then replac it with anoth unit then replac anoth with anoth of anoth uniti wa excit about all the featur on thi product as they fit my need and at a veri reason price i need a unit to take on campinglong distanc trip to keep in car for emerg to pump bike and air bed and of cour to have as spare power for laptop and charg other small devic like cell phone and smart phone such a nice thought to go to a park and bring my laptop with thi unit and work on a picnic tabl under a tree for entir afternoon so it perfect but wa initi hesit after read mani review have to replac return their defect unit due to batteri and thi isnt just wagan but duracel and other unit with builtin power storagefirst one came the unit wa not flat on the bottom so it wobbl charg around the 34 hour max i wa most eager to see how long it can keep my laptop run to much my disappoint my laptop ran for 25 minut befor the first coupl of beep and then 35 minut befor beep low voltag becom continu and therefor unbear grant it couldv been my powerhungri thinkpad w510 the one that use 135w transform howev i had anoth invert that basic indic constant use of 65 watt from the laptop so 30 or so minut is total unaccept the unit wa still abl to run the compressor and can run my car vacuum cleaner with dc adapt for anoth 2030 minut continu after invert stop provid ac power to my laptopi pretti much decid the unit i got ha a weak batteri base just on the frequenc of the review so i request exchang with amazon amazon sent out a second one and i return the first without extra charg thi second unit also isnt flat on the bottom and wobbl on hard and flat surfac after equal amount of charg time as befor 34 hour i test thi replac unit with my laptop again thi time i got 90 minut of power befor it start to beep that wa accept few day later i use the compressor to pump up my bike guess what the compressor gaug wasnt work it show zero while my tire wa rock hard i wa debat whether to keep it sinc i wa afraid that the next replac will have weakbad batteri again at the end i just dont think it wa safe to pump while blind guess at the pressur or keep swap with a pressur testerc amazon again the custom rep understood the risk with gaug not work so she ship me yet anoth one thi time the batteri is just as good as the second unit around 90 minut of power to my laptop and compressor gaug work like it should all good but then i notic thi unit also wobbl what with the engin or with the assembl or case warp thi third unit wobbl less than the first two so at thi point i just thank godi then test the usb charger it work but it requir turn on of the invert switch which therefor kick up the intern fan that a bit ridicul to run the fan while charg a usb devic i bet the fan take more power than the phone i wa charg and then the power loss with the inverterth flash light work and it not over bright but accept depend what your situat mayb in the dark i havent test the jumper cabl yet and didnt need to cross my finger that will work as it should at thi point im begin to think the odd are pretti eventh funni thing is all 3 unit have a littl gold oval sticker say qc pass i wonder who they hire to do the qualiti control or what wa done befor put on the sticker on second thought i dont want to knowth bottom line for me is if it work it veri use and a great allinon unit with balanc of featur i want 5 star for amazon handl 4 star for my third and work unit 5 star for wagan outsourc qc depart 3 star over becaus i have the patienc and a sen of humor to laugh at thi whole processupd i final got a chanc to use the car jumper twice both on v6 engin with posit on batteri termin and neg on chasi it took 2 3 crank the car start but the engin reluct start which lead me to believ thi batteri is not the strongestupd 2 final got a situat where a minivan had batteri with low crank aaa report 136 crank amp out of 600 for the batteri thi wagan at 13v could not start the car the aaa tow guy with hi smallerthanthiswagan jump starter start with one crank he said it need to be at 15v to have a shot thi mean i must keep thi jumpstart batteri real full and readi to go all the time howev becaus thi product doe not automat stop charg when full then it becom a jumpstart that is on use when the car batteri is not in a weak state i still need to keep my aaa membership"
"i own a previou version of thi jump starter my wa made by ust and not wagan the exterior is ident to my unit so i assum it is made by the same manufactur i normal recharg it everi two month even if i have not use it to maintain a full charg for when i need to jump start a car i forgot to charg it for about 5 month and the unit is complet dead i have tri to charg it but when you press the batteri statu button you can see the voltag just keep drop i have tri to recharg it sever time and i think the batteri is complet dead the charger adapt is also dead i measur the output voltag and it measur a littl over 3 volt i take special care of my adapt so i do not damag the wire thi unit wa on use sever time to add air to sever tire it ha not been use to jump start over veri bad qualityi also have a vector unit which is now black and decker and it also wa not charg for 5 month thi unit still had two red light which indic it wa in good condit i recharg it for sever hour and it came back with full power i also own jump and carri jnc660 jump starter thi is a profess unit with 1700 peak amp it can hold a charg for month and still show plenti of power thi unit is the best but expen 130 thi unit can jump start big engin and complet dead batterieson other gener comment for those peopl out there assess which jump starter to buy these lower cost lower peak amp starter are on good for car that ha a weak batteri ie as engin is slow to crank over if your batteri is dead where the engin cannot even slowli crank over these starter will not have enough power to start your car so do not blame the jump starter as low qualiti i see such comment in other review for a complet dead batteri you need a more power jump starter such as jnc660 i have the same problem with my vector starter which ha on 300 peak amp it also would not start a complet dead batteri that wa the reason i bought the jnc660 and carri it in which ever car we own that ha the oldest batteri i need to buy anoth jump starter i keep one in each car and am think of buy jnc300xl which claim to have 900 peak amp and is about half the price of jnc660 the review seem veri good and is made by the same compani"
"custom servic is extrem slow my product start fail to take a charg we contact the compani in june it took them 6 day to get back to me plu i had to chase them down by voic after email their cs dept fail to get ani respon per the websit then they promi to email the rma instruct which took sever day but they sent the wrong one sent retail instruct when i respond that the instruct made no sen they final sent the correct instruct while wait for their email my husband test the adaptor w a multi meter to find out it wa just the adaptor that wa fail and sinc they expect us to pay to ship the whole unit back we didnt want to pay to send back the whole thing i request if i could just send the adaptor btw their email are also full of spell error and they could not get my name right it took three email to explain to cs what an adaptor wa then 7 more for them to promi to send one that wa juli 7 2 day ago i still had not receiv the adaptor so email onc again ask where it wa wa told sorri it be mail today thi product is use the most dure the summer for us we use it camp and at the drivein picnic etc etc and we have had no abil to use it caus we cant charg it for all summer then after they promi to ship the part a month ago i find out today not on wa it not ship at all it wa sent snail mail today from california across countri to va after i ask them and remind them so the likelihood of us get thi time for our next use requir thi weekend is high unlikelyfin it sold as have a compressor capabl of inflat truck tire it doe not it doe not creat enough pressur to inflat our 17 truck or rv tire we had to buy anoth dedic compressor for thema compani is on as good as it custom servic and they have fail at everi point for their not to mention a simpl power adaptor should last more than 6 month the item is useless if you cant charg it i cannot recommend thi product"
"outa of box pleanti of power to fill my dirt bike low tire and also jump start on a cold day my honda 450x batteri i had batteri pigtail on bike all readi for batteri tender charger the fesatur of cross polar a plu good packag and beat the harbor fright model and ad bonu of invert cvharger for camp the down side the radio is veri veri cheesi dial is off on set the sound sound like a radio from 1964 havent use the jump start yet i will today"
"the cover rip after just 6 month in the back section right where my licen plate is despit the hole it still hold up and fit my sv perfect i have the blue cover and it definit doe not look like the pictur anymor with the inten sun we had thi summer it fade pretti quick not sure if i want to buy anoth one at thi point or keep shop around for a more durabl one"
"i need a cover for my bike that i park outsid thi cover is made to cover your bike insid to keep the dust off veri thin dont think it would make it a full year outsid so i got a heavi duti one i use thi one for a dust cover on my tool box"
"i previous had the nelsonrigg and it wa a lot better qualiti perhap it wa the falcon an not the delux in ani case thi seem like cheap plastic to me and the fit wa a bit tighti had purcha the xl for a boulevard c50 with windshield the smaller one and saddlebag and it wa a realli tight fiti return it thank amazon and purcha the falcon 2000 in the xxl hope that work better"
"first time bike left in rain thi cover leak bike wa soak wet do not purcha thi cover i just purcha the heavi duti one at twice the price will see how that one doe"
"did not work for me i need a rest that will adjust back toward me kept them on a few week but took them off unless you have realli long leg they wont work"
"lazi as husband wouldnt put it on kawasaki bike have crui control on harley davidson full dream dresser so i dont know what to do with it"
"not happi with thi compani veri poor qualiti 3rd charger from amazon and thi one wa a replac after the first two stop work after on one week first charger wa get veri hot and fan stop work a few day after it arriv and on use 34 time so i ask for a replac from amazon and upgrad from the 2612 amp model to the 3615 amp ship to shore think it might be better sinc it wa 12 more but i wa wrong the first ship to shore fan start make a lot of noi and then would stay on even when batteri wa done charg then it just stop work when connect to half dead batteri it would read fulli charg at 100 but wasnt charg at all and use my 20 year old charger back up to finish the job now on my second ship to shore and that make three schumach charger in one month thi one right out of the box the cool fan is not work at all from my previou experi these charger microprocessor need to be cool or it will overheat ruin the charger stay away from thi compani microprocessor control chargersthey are junknot that the price jump around on amazon i purcha thi charger for 52 and now a coupl of week later it over 60 dont wast your hard earn money"
"so after read the great review here i bought thi item at walmart and took it home to charg my deep cycl marin batterieswork fine for about an hour then i notic that it seem to be stall at 85 charg i did some more internet read and discov that thi is a common problem with thi unit the readout stall at a given percentag and never chang unless you unhook it and rehook it to the batteri i did that and instant the readout chang to 100so now i know for a fact i can never trust my brand new charger to tell me when it done chargingand wor despit be 100 charg the unit never switch over to trickl charg so despit be bill as a smart charger it just a normal full power charger that will boil your batteri dri if you leav it hook up too long whi spend 45 on someth that a 10 charger will donot on is it junk the packag is a complet lie as well now i know and you can bet your sweet cajon ill never buy a schumach anyth again"
"veri stringi and get everywh it also stain everyth it touch and did not seal as well as i had hope still have oil leak"
"while the product appli to the purpo it serv the packag is veri mislead dont judg it by the capac of it bottl size becaus the content is on half the dimen of the bottl it leav the person scratch hisher head wonder if the volum within is halfempti or half it goe by weight but then whi use such a larg bottl besid it is unseal give the impress that you get a good deal base on the volum i know the review should on be for the product but the packag is veri mislead"
"edit if you take someth away from my post it is that automak design car to run on specif spark plug buy whatev work great for you car and avoid spark plug that dont run well these didnt work in my car but everyon is differ check forum to see what work best as welli drive a 1998 honda civic ex with a vtec engin i am current run ngk vpower spark plug and the origin factori spark plug wire i bought these spark plug to see fuel economi gain and mayb a power increa while merg onto the freewaythey work but i couldnt tell they were new mpg for my car went down to 36 usual 3840 and so the price didnt match the product well what i can tell you is that use the right spark plug for your car is key and tri to eeek out extra mpg from spark plug doesnt work so well i tri autolit ngk etc iridium plug and the tradit copper core work the best i get 4550 mpg highway on standard spark plugsso save your money i think i spent 1624 for the set it been a while sinc i return them and buy 34 set of copper core ngk vpower plug or whatev fit your carth other thing to note is that replac severley worn spark plug with these will net fuel economi gain but put ani new plug in will do that dont be fool by these fanci plug shop for your car and check what your car is recommend to use becaus that is usual the best option your car comput is program for the origin plug not differ onesit your money but read the review to see if it help your specif car it didnt do anyth for mineon plu is that amazon is amaz with return"
"what a load of crap i just instal it in my 2000 civic and i did not see ani real notic benefitaft all the hype about increa mileag increa fuel economi quicker start etc etc i have yetto clear perceiv ani real benefit from use it i paid a arm and leg for it and cannot realiz itsbenefit for civic owner you can continu use the regular ngk plug just chang them everi 8 monthsand you are good to go i will not wast ani more money on snakeoil plug like thi i will revert to usingth regular plug after i have exhaust use the iridium sinc i alreadi bought them might as well use them"
"thi did not do much for perfomanceth origin plug work much better i use thi plug now as a back up"
"i bought thi pump becaus the seller describ it as a siphon pump and i want to drain the ga out of my boat ga tankwhat i gotwa a ga pump that doe not siphon gasi guess it might work for fill a lawn mower from a ga canit is cheap and worth about five dollar"
"the bracket thi come with is way bigger than it need to be i could not fit it in desir locat confort the one i got wa also miss one of the mount bolt all the other part were bag up and heat seal except one of the baggi had 4 washer 4 nut but on 3 bolt it must have been an error in manufact packag becaus eveyth wa seal up tight when it arriv i decid to go with the hella switch and make my own bracket from angl iron"
"good qualiti but did not work in 3 inch of snow these were fair easi to put on but i wa hesit that they would slip off and they did"
"bought a few year ago last 2 year with perhap 1 use everi 2 monthssav your money and shop around via internet on a more reliabl compressor eg camphau or other"
"i have drop my rate to one star after use thi for awhil i repeat bad design you cant even turn it off and one with one hand becaus the cigarett lighter adapt cord block the switch it pump fine it just is a pain in the tail to useblack decker asi300 air station inflat electr air compressorpr 4499thi littl inflat doe the job it quick pump up my wheelbarrow tire the design could use work though even though i purcha it due to it abil to be run from ac or dc im not happi with their implement it work fine but the cigarett lighter adapt get in the way of the ac power cord the ac power cord is so short that it necessit use an exten cord to be abl to get close to anyth you hope to inflat last it should have a mold handl on the top they could have just extrud a littl more plastic and given you a handi handleth are two snap on attach in a nook on the bottom of the unit that wa smart design they are handi but not in the way i guess it look like someth design by a committ some good idea and some not so good i dont like the plastic inflat valv that should be metala far as perform it work fine i had a full blown compressor that i return due to an immedi when assembl crimp in the air hose that prevent it from work correct that had a metal inflat valv but the immedi fail of the hose negat the good think on the valvethi black and decker inflat work well i am just surpri that a compani like bd would not provid a better design the price is reason 45 at amazon but still for 45 i think includ a handl a longer ac cord and a metal valv would not inflat the price dramatically11813 retrospectdesign realli is cumbersom the onoff switch is occlud by the dc power cord you cant turn it off and on easili without look due to that power cord block the switch the gaug is next to useless it hang up on the set needl and thu turn off immedi until you can free it from the set needl kind of pointless to have an automat off when it is stuck on the set needl over the pump part work fine but the cord storag cord attach and switch placement as well as the poor gaug make thi far less satisfactori than i origin felt"
"i wa look for a small air compressor to fill basketb bike tire car tire etc thi compressor work fine but it ha to be one of the worst design product ive purcha in recent memori the power cord is about 12 long as is the air tube who thought that wa a good idea meanwhil there about 50 long cabl for the 12v adapt thi actual make more sen but sinc im not use the 12v it just get in the way of cour you can store the 12v cabl in a nice littl storag space in the unitexcept that where they decid the put the power switch are you kid me the power switch is locat deep insid some hole in the back of the unit are the design insan im stuck with thi thing but you might want to look elsewh"
"it doe work but is poor design use the ac power the dc cord ha to be remov from it storag to get to the on switch veri inconveni the ac cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer who want to get out an exten cord everi time they want to plug it in the coupler on the air hose is veri flimsi cheap and cant last long the previou model air station wa so superior to the new one and it wa made in the usa it wa ac power on but had long cord and hose and wrap around storag for them the switch wa easi to get to that thing wa use almost daili like ani other home applianc new one need redesign again to be much more user friend and made with better qualiti materi such as a metal coupler and reinforc air hose sorri i just think a compani like black decker could have done world better thanksprosac or dc poweredconsac cord is way too shortair hose is way too short"
"i now own 3 differ trailer coupler lock that are 34universal34 they are not i have a jayco jayfeath 2013 and the hitch is such wide and high that no lock fit it as is the norm thi unit come in the typic 34user unfriendly34 packag that is destroy upon open id be glad to sell mine to anyon interest in tri it out"
"it would serv it purpo if the onoff knob wa a lever or the neck wa longer i cant put it far enough into the filler tube to do ani good thi may an isol case but it didnt work for me"
"too hard to empti into a small mouth contain like a ga can i store old oil in an old plastic 5 gallon ga can and empti when full thi pan is a bear when direct tri to fill the can i have to use a funnel which is just anoth item i need to clean"
"ive been look to purcha a new jump pack for use in the shop and narrow my select down to either the clore jnc660 or the shumack proseri dsr psj2212the review were about equal on both so i decid to get the jnc660well i just receiv the jnc660 today and it is defect right out of the boxi plug it in to charg and the amber led that is suppo to be lit doe not indic it is charg the green led doe not show it is fulli charg eitheri verifi my power cord ha power from the outlet even switch to anoth corddisappoint i guess compani no longer have qc on their productsupd feb 04 2014after realiz that amazon will not accept return on thi item i contact clore automot tech support and explain that i had receiv a defect jump pack i review with them the variou item i had check to confirm that it wa ind defectiveaft they confirm that i had purcha it via amazon they ship a new jnc660 to me along with a prepaid up label to return to them the defect unit i had the replac unit in 5 day after contact them the replac unit work greatclor automot get 5 star from me for make thi disappoint defect unit right"
"thi is a veri versatil system it can save a ton of work it is durabl and solid made it work as adverti but after a few use the unit start spray use motor oil out of the top of the thandl what a mess use black oil everyplac i call mityvac and ask if there wa some sort of replac seal kit they prompt replac the entir unit at their expen great custom servic i wa truli impress soon thereaft the new unit start leak just like the previou one use oil everyplac i wa given no warn about synthet oil when i call mityvac if thi thing is incompat with synthet oil and fluid such as transmiss then i cant see what valu it hasi own sever vehicl and need a product which doesnt fail after 5 use i did not contact mityvac a second time as my warranti expir rather have decid that the product may have a design flaw or unknown limit i now wrap a wet rag around the thandl to get a margin temporari seal to start the flow and can still use the product thi way albeit somewhat ineffect and messili"
"thi thing ha 2 readout and 4 scale and no instruct on how to read ani of htem the swr is easi enough to figur out but the other are anyon guess came with some littl wire antenna that is nowher in the one sheet instruct that come with it the signal strength meter dosnt seem to regist at all it wa cheap enough and probelli work but your have to find an engin to tell you how to use it"
"bad design the two door that cover the hose and charger cord are not hing or tether can easili be misplac batteri ha been overh dure charg and ha melt the bottom of the unit led indic show low batteri chargei do not trust it i will keep it as long as the pump work"
"i purcha two of these for my 1997 ford f1 50 both did not work the compani sent me a replac one it also did not work when i ask again to return thi product they state to me that i could not as too much time had pass i feel that they sent me a useless item to set me up while wait for time to run out in the end i have three remot that do not work and am out the money i wish i would have not purcha thi"
"i use it for my dual back tire in a ford 350 chassi it would not regist the tire pressur accur it wa hard to get a tight seal around the valv stem i will tri the ch tire inflat with the built in gaug and the chuck that hope will get a tight seal on the valv stem"
"right out of the packag i use it first on the front tire of my bike and the gaug and pressur relea work fine and then i use it on the back tire and the pressur gaug read zero the relea malfunct after the first use so the dial would go back to zero right after you pull the gaug off the tire i put it back in the box and return to amazoncom immedi i do not recommend"
"they say 4100k color temperatur match my stock 2700k bulb appear in hous and beam i return right away the life is rate poor too not woth the money for fog light i purcha qualiti led bulb cheaper that will last as long as i own my car"
"i did not want the ghetto blue look at all but want brighter and a nice hint of the whitish look mayb with a ting of blue but these realli look veri close to the origin basic cheap sylvania bulb i can see a hint of differ and not total yellow but realli all it add a ting and i mean ting more whitish but still primarili yellowi saw the sylvania silverstar zxe model but the bulb look realli blue and i thought it would give the ug blue color so i went with the ultra kinda think the zxe would have given me more of the look i wa go forif you want regular yellow with a slight hint of white hard ani but brighter then stock then these are good if you want a more hid look with more whiteish look then go with the zxe as those should give you more of what you want i am return these for the zxe in hope they are what i am wantingi did more research on the zxe model and though the bulb is blueish most all review say it is not lbue at all just realli white and that wa what i want i know i couldnt get an hid look from a bulb but i want someth close and still have the same bright if not more then the regular bulbsthey are ok but just not the white kinda bright like they adverti and i thought they would be plu the bright realli isnt ani brighter to me in my gmc sierra then the basic cheap sylvania wereover total not worth the money"
"put these in my tacoma and they are nice and bright but low beam went out on one side after 6 month i drive with my light on all the time so that had a lot to do with it"
"sure these are white light that peirc the blackest night but do they last unfortunatley no they do noti had the dealership take out the oem head light bulb in my 2012 gmc sierra and replac them with the silverstar the bulb in thi truck are a menac to replac as gm made them veri hard to get to on thi model year the first silverstar last about eight month until one burn out replac bulb and six month later the other one burn outetc etcif your vehicl ha an easi access to chang the bulb and you dont mind them last about six to eight month then these silerstar are veri good"
"i purcha these bulb for my 2003 explor in mid august of 2011 it now feb 2012 and ive been notic they arent as bright my stock bulb were brighter and last longer compar to these the reason i wa focus on buy the bulb in the first place wa becaus they were cheaper than walmart or ani auto store in my area store had the same bulb price in the 50 area and amazon had them for 35 they are decent bulb when they you first get them they lose the bright fast"
"a close friend with a 2001 ml320 had veri poor low beam light perform that need to be correct given the import of her need to quick reach emerg for her job i decid to take everi action to improv the situat the most expen step wa replac the exist bulb with sylvania ultra basic becaus they were the priciest in the store yet of the three action taken the replac yield the lowest impact result basic there is on so much technolog that can be appli to an incandesc light bulb which differ dramat from hid and ledwhil these measur are entir subject i would rank the improv and cost from the follow actions1 3m headlight restor kit 25 improv cost usd12 two hour labor in urban park lot so took longer than normal2 low beam vertic adjust 20 improv cost usdzero 30 minut labor3 sylvania ultra bulb instal 15 improv cost usd55 at local retail 20 minut laborth end result of thi endeavor is that use the restor kit with vertic adjust would have been more than suffici to achiev excel low beam perform it is hard to justifi a high price for simpl incandesc bulb for the fundament reason so littl technolog involv no current driver no ballast moreov like a dirti residenti light bulb a yellow and craze headlight len signific reduc light transmiss thi problem is rel easi to correct by the least skill individu with a 1015 dollar kit so while the sylvania bulb subt improv perform they should be the last correct action on your list"
"i tri these and wa impress with their bright white light output but wa extrem disappoint with the lifespan i didnt make it a year with the first set tri again and one bulb didnt make it eight month live in a small town where overz cop pull you over for have light out i went back to xtravi bulb that last much longer if you look on the back of the box it clear indic that the more expen brighter bulb last half as long as some the less bright one it is hard to believ they cannot make bright white bulb that last longer hope led headlight will have the right perform and price soon"
"purcha a set of these to replac origin in my 2010 suv absolut no differ in bright one of the worst invest i ever made dont wast your money have someon walk in front of you with a lit candl would be just as good"
"on compar these ultra bulb with the base silverstar that prece them the base blue pak silverstar is a much better light imho i actual went back to the base silverstar for what appear to be it superior illumin down the road that i experienc with both our 03 honda civic hb2 and 03 focu same bulb but 9003h4 design felt a bit scam by thi newer ultra offer realli and it true 6 mo top for life in both car but wouldnt be withoutbil h in the pacif northwest rain countri"
"i bought thi due to high review score and pricewish i had notstupid thing jam up the first time i put grea into it i push hard the first time and i got it to engag but the disengag tab pop out i took it apart resolv that issu as best as i could and the next time it jam again but thi time a good push just broke the plastic bush insidethi isnt my first grea gun and not the first one ive had design like thi it is the first one ive had that would jam up like thi piec of junk what a wast of money"
"i wa deceiv by some of the posit review of thi product ye it is heavi and feel substanti which some other review believ were indic of qualiti howev in my opinion thi product featur realli suck here is why1 the compressor hose detach off the bodi of the compressor via a quick connect you push togeth and pull out to disconnect the one i receiv wa defect i push it in one time then pull it out when i tri to connect it again the dang thing wouldnt connect in with a snap thi is unr how would you like to be strand with a flat and think ok i just got to air up the spare and be on my way on to find out you cant connect the stupid hose to the compressor hose that are perman connect are better ive had cheaper model ive kept in my car and use for 20 year and there never been a problem of the hose that wa perman connect fail thi detachalb hose on the slime is worthless2 i also complet disagr with other review about the screw on connect to the tire valv i prefer the snap down clamp type it so much easier to just snap the valv on rather than screw it on to the tire valv plu your tire valv is dirti so after you spend a few second screw it on most like you hand will be black ive had plastic snap down clamp on my other compressor and there never been ani failur or breakag of the plastic3 an the frickin bag that come with it is too dang small good luck tri to fit all the part back into the bagif you want conveni and reliabl when it count dont get thi compressor a big pita"
"i unpack thi grea gun put some thread sealant on the fit and tighten them up and use it to grea my truck i wa pretti happi with it until the next day when i pick it up and there wa grea leak out of it at the trigger and the bleeder valv also the descript say that it rate to 10000 psi the hose say it rate to 4500 psi next time ill go with my gut and spend some more money on someth that wont make me angri everi time i see it"
"i am sad to report that i have experienc a situat veri much like a few other review have mention the grea fit would not relea from the zerk and rip it right out of the ball joint assembl i had to retap the hole and buy a new zerk to repair the vehicl i had to get a pair of plier to remov the zerk from the grea gun as it wa complet and total stuck the biggest problem is that there is no size adjust on thi grea gun so you get what you get and cannot adjust the strength of the grip on the zerkoth than caus me to do an hour of extra work go to autozon to get a tap and zerk thi gun seem to be built realli well and it seem to be abl to get enough pressur to get the job done without too much issueamazon wa extrem easi to work with on the return of thi itemjust becaus i had a terribl experi with thi grea gun doesnt mean that you wont have good luck just be warn that the review that mention zerk be rip out are accur i discount these review when i order thi gun as i weight the overwhelminglyposit review score higher than the neg reviewsbottom line not recommend"
"i would say the claim of 51 watt equal 115 watt is just not true base on the claim i figur these bulb would just blow away my sylvania ultra star put the piaa in one light and compar to the sylvannia left in the other against my white garag door i saw no visibl differ in light output at all drove the truck and no differ color is on a veri slight differ shade of white i am not knock piaa as i know they do make qualiti product but the claim is mislead"
"i wa realli on the fenc with purcha thi batteri onlin batteri are heavyth carrier in my case up will treat thi batteri like they treat ani other heavi packag and toss it around i read the review the good and the bad and thought that they had resolv the poor packag issu sad they have not my batteri arriv with three of the four corner of the base snap off and the neg post bentuntil amazon realiz that these batteri need to be packag better they should not sell themupd i request a return but sinc thi batteri is consid a hazard materi they didnt want the batteri back but issu a full refund i tri it in my car and it work great for three month the batteri wa manufactur in februari 2012 but can bare hold a charg now"
"bought one for my 04 gto it last about a year and then die sit on the charger and wont go abov 105 volt i expect better"
"follow all the instruct on fill and charg im not new to motorcycl batteri thi batteri ha alreadi fail in take a full charg not even a year old at first i thought it wa my bike that wasnt chargingnop turn out thi batteri crap out i threw in a 7 year old drag specialti batteri i had and use thi yuasa as an expen paperweight"
"no sure if thi wa a good buy it went dead after sit a week recharg it up and it work fine need to see how long it hold a charg i charg it work a week befor i instal it into bike charg with a batterytend"
"fifti cent wort of tube and a nippl thi is a joke it now resid in a ziplock bag in a lower drawer of my tool box never to see the light of day again"
"i plan to use it in a five gallon bucket purcha from one of the two larg home center chain but they slope inward toward the bottom so the insert doe not sit on the bottom therefor it requir more than twice as much soap and water quantiti to be use"
"i wa excit to get thi seal condit use it the same day i got it howev littl more than half of the bottl use and the air in it ran out big bummer now i cant finish the slide out rubber and there will be a wast of product in a can with no air left in it big bummer wa realli expen for not be abl to use the entir can"
"ive use it a few time now on problem area on the car and it ha no effect i will tri someth el from a differ brand"
"i fail when purcha thi tool i wa tri to substitut for the real full size kit to do some of my jobsi stong suggest that you dont follow in my foot stepsi couldnt even use it onc myab it could have been that it didnt offer the right size or configur for the car i wa work on that day but there is someth el that is wrong with go with a tool like thi even if it had the right size or configur if the calip piston ha come out too far for thi tool to fit in between the calip and the piston then it would render it uselessi would recommend astro pneumat 78618 brake calip wind back tool set 18 piec whether it for profess use or person i strong suggest a tool like thi one it go to be worth the invest trust me as of thi review time it current 3692 from amazongood luck"
"i made the mistak of buy thi tool to chang my rear brake pad on my car think that i could get away with get the cheap tool i wish i would have just paid a littl more for the right tool as thi one wa such a pain to usefirst there werent ani pin set that fit my rear brake piston there wa one side that had 4 hous shape peg on the corner i had to grind off two of the peg and i could use that side those hous shape peg were the on one that actual fit in my car pistonssecond the metal is so soft on thi cube thing that when the cube slip out of the slot in the calilp the metal deform and becom round off and it make it that much harder to use after it slip off about 10 time it is almost unus i had to frequent go back and use my dremel to remov more materi off the peg to make them flat again on the side that had round offthird eventu those peg got too small and they would slip out even though they werent round off i had to switch to anoth side that had two round peg out at the corner howev those round peg were too big so i had to go back to my dremel to grind them down a bit to fit then start the process of slip and grind againfourth thi cube tool doe not compress the piston while turn it the compress come from your arm push on it and if you dont push it perfect straignt the cube slip so you cant put that much forc on it thi lead to take way longer to compress the piston then it should take with the proper tool that compress and turn at the same time these piston should be abl to be compress in about 5 minut each howev with thi tool it took me over two hour to compress one pistonfith becaus of all the grind i had to do thi tool is now worn out and wouldnt be good to use again on anoth brake job so im go to have to buy anoth tool when it come time to do rear brake againth is noth good about thi tool the on redeem qualiti about it is that i wa eventu abl to get the job done there were time in the middl where i thought i wa go to be run to the auto part store to buyrent the proper tool but it did make it through it probabl would have been quicker to make a trip out and get a new tool thoughdo yourself a favor and dont buy thi tool i wouldnt buy ani of these cube tool base on my experi with thi one just spend a littl more and get one of the rear brake piston set that compress the piston while turn i wish i had done that and i will do that for my next brake job sinc thi tool is now trash"
"lot of glow prai on thi item and while i agr with most of the comment like great leverag good in tight space easili adjust long reach and so on it fail me miser on the first use i had a filter that wa not hand tight as mani expect them to be when theyr readi to slide under and twist them off with just a light touch of pressur the filter on my 1999 expedit is right behind the bumper so im not sure if that placement expo it more to the element and make remov more difficult or if the filter wa last replac and tighten way too much last chang wa by a ford dealer becaus it wa a freebi i clamp onto the top of the filter and it immedi punch hole into it with the claw that are suppo to grip the filter and then came the oil down my arm i tri again at the base of the filter where there a littl more metal and immedi got anoth set of hole i went for the strap wrench but that wouldnt budg it either i final got it off with my kr tool 12153 16inch groov joint plier i know all filter arent difficult to remov but ive been chang my oil filter plu most repair for about 50 year and thi is not the on filter i have had problem remov i will be purcha a cap type filter wrench and have given thi wrench 1star becaus i could not get the filter off with it and it punch hole in the filter and sinc thi tool is pretti much useless for ani other job itll like be donat or just sink to the bottom of my auto tool drawer i dont care about the hole as much as i did the result oil leak or the potenti that the filter may have to be remov in piec im also surpri that one review talk about hole and how thi wrench didnt caus ani in the remov or instal and i think anyon who tighten a filter with a wrench is ask for problem i have purcha quit a few tekton tool on amazon from wrench to socket and have not been disappoint until now last if your filter is on tight you should be abl to exert enough pressur with a tool to get it off without punch hole in itsinc i wa abl to get it off with the plierskr tool 12153 pro seri 16inch groov joint pliersthat would seem to be the better tool invest if you have a larg filter at least the jaw have more teeth for a better grip the teeth are not like to punctur the filter it ha a lot more potenti for other use where an oil wrench doe not and the price is about the same i have use the plier on mani other thing without an issu or damag to what i wa work on especi good for my 112 pvc irrig and pump line"
"they squish flat even lift my 96 328i which is not a heavi car cant think about use them on my tiguan sinc it is even heavier the way they bend flat i cant imagin them hold up for a long time"
"be care use thi it slip off my jack while lift the car caus the jack to dent the undercarriag"
"liter order it yesterday and got it today with amazon prime recommend by scotti kilmer so i think it should at least do some good work my 944 porsch ha a belli pan so i cant tell if it leak on the floor but it should do someth at leastthey rai the price of thi item 23 dollar and instead of free ship you pay for it now so it use to be about 879 tax now it 11 someth tax ship disgust"
"i cant say thi product work on the two vehicl i tri it on it made one vehicl wor than it wa befor i ad it"
"i bought thi befor a road trip and it arriv the day befor i had to depart the fit guid said that i bought the right size for my tire but it is short by over a foot i cant realli comment on the product but i realli hope it doesnt snow on my trip becaus im in a bad place if it doessc1036 doesnt even come close to fit on a 26540r18"
"i have a power bright pw110012 which work well and the power bright specif state these are veri effici unit 90 max which is whi i also tri thi smaller unit for anoth needthi invert is heavili built and on the outsid seem like a qualiti unit when first power up use the accessori outlet adapt the unit ran my 75 watt current draw okay i then switch to a set of hd cabl i use for the larger invert which probabl had noth to do with thi issu for anoth test with the same load and a few second later smoke and flame billow out of the back for sever second the green ac power led in the front wa still on and it may have been produc ac power but i wa busi shut down the test and did not verifyfor the money thi seem like a great unit and it probabl is defect happen even to the best of item but i replac it with a 150 watt tripplight which will travel better for it intend usag"
"all it doe is scrape and pit your batteri termin i realli dont see the point of get thi tool scotchbrit spong would work better to clean the batteri termin"
"thi the first time that i receiv a packag like thisth car wax contain wa bust and it wa all over the box i wa realli disappoint i dont know what to expect next time such a wast"
"like a few other review ive had thi charger kill a few batteri it seem like if there is a power outag that last longer than a few second these guy get confus the batterymind ha kill 3 batteri for me like thi everyth is fine power goe off for a coupl of hour you dont think about it and then daysweeksmonth later you go back and the thing ha a red light on and your batteri is at 12 volt thi is a design problem the charger should not discharg batteri no matter what it also doe not charg weak batteriesi would have thrown mine away but the desul mode ha brought back a few batteri from the deadin conclus good desulf poor charger and unr maintain"
"i knew it wasnt for my grea gun but with some alter it will squeak byfor 6 and free ship it will hope work as good as the larg hose clamp i previous use"
"first their site gave me the wrong direct took awhil to find the right one thi thing onc instal ha never work right sometim it work fine then random stop work all togeth mute button on work when i hold it down and it cycl on and off i have to relea it and hope it stop on mute volum work for about 4 notch then wont go back down also i need to push the button realli hard to make thi thing respond befor it wa just a light touch thi thing is irrit and frustrat go with the axxess aswc same price doesnt need to go though a complic program process and actual work"
"thi product wa easi enough to instal as im electron inclin howev i ran into a bit of an issu after the instal wa complet and the unit wa program it fail to control my kenwood dnx6960 reliabl sometim it work for everi button press sometim it didnt work at all sometim it work for all button other time on some button functionedi triplecheck everyth which wa fine and then began research the problem while research i stumbl across a bulletin from the manufactur appar some of the swijack unit were missold at the factori and fail to oper kenwood head unit even when proper wire into place wow just wow talk about bad qualiti controlfortun mine wa proper solder on the insid sad though thi didnt help me find a solut ultim i live with the sporad function of the unit until my metra axxess aswc arriv im much happier with the axxess aswc it use a steer wheel control wire off the radio har rather than need to be connect direct to the vehicl bcm it also autodetect the head unit it may need a 12k reisstor in the line on dure autodetect for some kenwood head unit but the dnx6960 isnt one of them mean no program is necessari and it competit price i strong recommend the metra axxess aswc over the pac swijack unless you just have to have a pac swijack especi if your work on a gm truck in conjunct with a kenwood head unit"
"ok so these look like they might be ok for the price and are made in washington state buy local thing i wa terribl disappoint that a local washington state compani would claim these are waterproof they know how it rain here these boot leak bucket as the water ran off my waterproof ride suit pant leg right down into the upper part of the boot within minut of ride the boot wa satur the zipper also fail after about a week the upper stop came off and the zipper just pull right off in my hand dont expect ani support or protect from thi boot either it front is sort of armor but the side and the rest of the boot is veri veri thin materi vega will not deal with ani of these issu and say i must go through the dealer i purcha them from howev the dealer say they didnt make the boot or the claim of waterproof so that a warrantyadverti issu and to go through vega catch 22 right if i ever get thi resolv to my satisfact return for full refund ill post how much effort it took for now i would avoid vega at all cost due to poor product and terribl custom servic"
"i havent had a chanc to use them in the rain but for normal ride they are veri good easi to put on with the two zipper and they seem to have a complet liner that is waterproof comfort too they are not sidi or bmw qualiti but for the price are finethi wa ad after a 4 hour ride in the rain thi boot is a rain magnet i had so much water in these it could be dump out i need to chang these to no star as the main point of buy a waterproof boot is to have it be waterproof and these are not dont buy these if you want ani sort of water resist or water proof as they are bad for that"
"super light weight that whi the 2 star some peopl would like how light they are but not me id think if you crash the road would chew these up like it wa noth so ill save my feet and get some real thick boot"
"if your up for a tuneup these plug are worth replac the oem plug my engin run smoother and throttl respon is notic dont expect miracl like a sudden increa in mpg your not turn your car into a hybrid just replac old copper core singl arm plug with a new materi for better sparkwith hope of better perform it not much more expen than copper plug so it wa definit worth a trythi model wa a direct replac for my age 1996 infin i30 v6 no problem with instal but make sure to buy the anti lubricantupd took my car to the shop for other work and after pull these plug they said thi model 4501 wa the wrong one for my 1996 infin i30 but amazon makemodel filter list that these work and they fit fine mayb the 4 electrod make the plug run hotter that may not be good on my old car not sureil keep them in for a littl while longerupd 2 sept 15 2012 so a littl over 6 month 5k mile of run with these plug all of a sudden my car stumbl on accel after googl for possibl answer came up on a few complaint about bosch plug fail i replac them with some singl prong ngk vpower and the problem went away the bosch didnt look like they fail but it may burn too hot for my old car im glad the problem wasnt seriou i did receiv my 4 rebat check so each plug end up net 2 so not worth it go through bosch product guarant return process they dont cover sh read that they discontinu these plug and use the rebat to get rid of dead inventori it may work for you but i would stick to someth closer to oem like ngk or denso if i were you"
"with 50000 mile my factori iss wa make noi like they all do i put thi one in with a new green bear and it wa mayb 50 better then after 2 month it wa noisier than the factori one i took out and threw away now it realli loud thi wa a 100 wast of money"
"thi steer shaft is of poor design the factori shaft is much better than thi one i instal it no problem but the clearanc were bigger then the one i took off i dont recommend thi item for ani one tri to up grade to someth better it not"
"one down side bottl can and will fell off due to the fact of the design adjust arm cannot hold a 34full heavy34 16oz water bottl those arm spread easier than a legsi actual gotem glue with epoxi use a coke bottl as standard measur be care not to glueem to wide apart or the lid wont close"
"ive had a pair of rainx latitud wiper on my lexu rx300 for two month i thought they were great and did a good job clear the windshield until today today we had our first snow and sleet of the season in philadelphia as i drove to the groceri store the driver side wiper fail catastroph the entir blade assembl with the except of the mount clip that fit into the car metal j arm ie the wiper arm fell off the car as i wa drive immedi cost me visibl in the sleet if you look at the pictur of the wiper the black plastic part in the middl essenti broke off of the blade assembl there wa not much slush built up on the windshield at the time on a bit that the blade had push up and to the left side of the windshield while i drove it wasnt as though i wa tri to use the wiper on pack ice or anyth given the premium price of the blade i wa surpri at how weak the construct wasit should go without say that a product failur of thi natur is unaccept given how import visibl is when drive at speed in inclement weather been work on car for more than twenti year i know how to instal blade i proper instal these wiper accord to the includ rainx direct after the blade fell off the car the connector wa still proper mount to the car wiper arm howev the product failur wa that the rainx connector fail to hold the blade becaus i still have the connector i took a close look at it it on some plastic and upon inspect doe not seem like a veri robust design these wiper werent proper design andor manufactur to withstand real world condit i see other review below have had similar bad experiencesil be stick with bosch etc in the futur buy at your own risk"
"after on a few day my 26 wiper develop a larg area that it would not wipe so i had to buy a new wiper sinc it may be due to get a bad one and sinc the smaller wiper seem to work better ill give it two star instead of just one"
"these are the worst wiper blade i have ever use they leav streak on the windshield and do a horribl job in the rain i tri to contact the seller to ask them for an exchang on to be told that my return date expir if there were neg star i would use them for thi product even cheap wiper blade do a better job than these blade"
"i have a 2005 bmw 330xi these are some of the few wiper blade that have the correct veri larg adapt for my model bmw i on know if thi wiper blade and icon for have the correct fitth squeak streak and are just a pain there are time where the smallest bit of water is on my windshield and it just spread the water around more and it becom more of an issuemayb it is just the pair i got but for the price of these i fulli expect them to work flawless but sad these are absolut horridi have heard good thing about bosch icon so i will be give those a tri here soon"
"these wiper blade leav a smear on the driver side 2005 ford f150 that is outright danger if drive at night i discov the problem dure a 2200 road trip through colorado in januari not be abl to see at night is no fun have to stop at ga station to do the wiper job is silli these wiper are expen but their perform is unaccept"
"ive had my eye on these wiper blade for a while becaus i had heard some pretti good thing onc a sale hit i wa all over themth veri first thing i notic when i replac the oem blade on my 2013 charger wa how massiv the bracket are i didnt have ani delus about a universalfit part look like a contigu part of my wiper arm but serious the bracket on thi is just hugei appreci how wellconstruct the rest of the blade seem to be and that in spite of the gigant bracket the blade didnt wobbl then i tri them out ugh they streak like no other ive actual treat my windshield withrainx 800002243 glass treatmentand i use rainx washer fluid religi so if there a windshield in town that should be slicker than a well you know it mine yet these blade do a horrend job of keep my windshield clearaft a coupl of week i end up put the oem blade back on those yearold blade perform far better than these new one"
"i realli thought these blade would be awesom replac for my oem i wa wrong they do not form to the window and they leav streak right in the eye line of the windshield im definit go to replac them soon but will not be buy rain x ever again"
"i purcha thi 24 inch wiper blade think it wa a qualiti product after one month i got one streak by six month the whole contact area wa streak i purcha the good year assur at costco buy one get one free for 799 and after six month on my other car they still work like newth 18 inch rainex i purcha still work fine after six month but be pair up with a loser i chang them bothgoodyear gywb76524 assur black premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade 24 pack of 1i had the latitud on my other car in 24 and 18 inch and after a few month they began to squeak it is amaz how much you pay and how littl you getrainex work veri well but their wiper blade and window cleaner are not worth buy just goe to show what happen when a compani expand the product line and forget the qualiti"
"squeepsqueepthunkthunksnack thunksnackknockwhack knockwhackkveetchchitchitcrunksnitbut whi belabor the point work well for about six month then start smear a littl and the noi got more interest over time and intolerableback to bosch for me"
"these work for about a week and then cea to function the way they first did i would not recommend them for a jeep vehicl i would search for a differ brand"
"clunki and heavi i previous use microfib towel but decid to give thi mitt a tri i will be go back to the towel thi thing is clunki heavi and hard to remov debri from in the wash bucket skip it look into other option"
"thi is a rel cheap wash mitt there is a lot of foam pad howev the actual microfib content is minim and not thick or plush there are mani better higher end microfib towel avail from dedic detail store"
"weve alway use a fluffi wash cloth to wash our vehicl but i figur there must be someth better my search for a wash mit found these so i bought 2the pro low cost the ship is includ veri good reviewsth con these are huge way too larg for our larg xl hand awkward for clea in tight areasim not say these mitt wont work for you we dont care for these theyr go in the donat box were back to use a fluffi wash cloth"
"the mitt is okay but too thinit feel like a thin towel when you use it to wash your carand the mitt is too big my hand wa move all over insid of itmitt wa okay but materi wayyyi tooo thin need to be much thicker if it want to do the job rightbett off get a microfib towel or spong than thi"
"thi mitt is a bit thinner than i expect and doesnt hold as much soapwat as i had hope when you pull it out of the bucket it realli just drain off quick so you have to hurri and get it onto the car also it white so it show dirt and grime veri quick as you wash i wa surpri at how much grit and grime actual stuck to the mitt even though i wa use the 2bucket method it just didnt wash off in the rin water my old trusti microfib spong work better than thi mitt unfortun and the grit and grime rin right off the spong but not thi mitt anoth dud from meguiar see my water magnet review"
"it may seem soft which is is but someth i dont like about it nowher to trap dirt i love the other wool mit or the standard old school one which work perfect thi seem like good qualiti but doesnt have alot of soap sud and idk scare it will scratch black car"
"i wa extrem disappoint in thi item most of the camco stuff i have is pretti good but the problem with thi meter is the clear plastic face is not static proofwhen compar with my fluke multimet thi meter read about 2vac high at 120vac or about 16 offwhen you get the meter it ha a piec of protect plastic over the bezel and just remov it will induc enough static electr to caus the pointer to chang and if you brush across the bezel with your finger you can make it read anywh from 110v to 130v becaus the static electr affect the needlemost meter use a plastic bezel that is immun to static and doe not do thi i dont know if the problem is the plastic the manufactur use or perhap they fail to treat it with some chemicalsad there are not a lot of option for other brand i like an analog meter in thi case as you can see voltag fluctuat a whole lot better than you can with a digit meterhop over time thi meter will lose it sensit to static electr"
"i took a flier on thi after read the review i lost the meter is easili 59 volt off test with my multimet and confirm with my volt meter app on my power supplydont wast your money amazon should serious consid drop thi item from it websit"
"after a power outag i connect my refrig to thi power suppli sad it invert wa unabl to support my refrig the duracel dpp600hd doesnt have enough momentari output to handl the initi startup current spike of a refrig compressor motor the specif say it can momentarili provid up to 960 watt thi equat to 8 amp at 120v yet public benchmark figur for a home refrig startup current indic 13 amp for up to 12 second other applianc that use electr motor such as sump pump are like to exhibit the same characterist my suggest is that custom immedi test thi product with ani devic they intend to power dure an outagesom import specif are miss in the amazon list one of the key static is the capac of the intern batteri which is 28 amphour at 12 v thi equat to 336 watt hour yet ac output is much lower than thi presum due to invert loss these loss increa with power output the follow tabl illustr thi the last column is my calculationloadwattshourswatthourscordless telephone5350 175portabl stereo10220 220laptop computer2070 140fan1001717036 tv13312 16038 drill30004 115warmair fan heater31204 109blender38503 109hid floodlights40003107observ that the total energi deliv watthour drop with power consumpt ultim the usabl energi is signific less than what is contain within the lead acid batteryfor refer a refrig will use about 200 watt of electr when the compressor is run typic consum will have their refrig run about 50 to 60 of the time which equat to an averag of 100120 watt be consum continuouslyconsdoesnt handl current spike associ with certain electr motorsprosboth ac and dc outputportablesimpl oper"
"i had read mani mix review but i order thi wrench hope it would work out well for me unfortun for my circumst i found it difficult to get the wrench to grip the oil filter you must be abl to get one hand on the filter to hold the jaw of the wrench in place as you move the wrench to loosen to filter i found thi to be more troubl than it worth mayb it would work better on anoth vehicl with more room to work and a differ size filter i wa abl to turn my filter by hand but if i couldnt im sure i could have gotten thi wrench to work but it wa more difficult than i wa expect"
"kind of flimsi i ultim just use a channellock tongu and groov plier to grip and unscrew the oil filter plu the channellock is more use for other task after you yank the oil filter off the first time just hand tighten the next time it is more than enough to prevent leak both by my anecdot experi 5 year of chang my own oil and per expert onlin and allow you to hand unscrew it in the futurebottom line dont wast your money get a channellock instead"
"i would not recommend to buy thi at all it is veri slipperi and not use for hold the jack in place i do not know whi they would sale such unsaf product lawyer should make a case out of thi product"
"when these are attach to the lynx level block the instant you hit it it pop off the block it attach to so i guess it doe let you know when your on the block but it not confid inspir at all now sit in the garag ignor"
"thi item includ 2 veri small piec of sandpap of differ coar it would be nice if they were label 2 small tube of polish compound and 2 small polish cloth in my opinion it8217 not worth the price"
"the direct are poor writtenth process did not work for me i wa veri disappoint after read so mani posit review"
"didnt do anyth for the scratch no impact at all frank i am high disappoint do not recommend you to buy and use thi"
"to me grabag the qualiti of thi set ha gone downhil imo i have an older set that rock so i bought thi newer set for anoth trailer garbag mismatch look pin and lock hitch cover lock is plactic and doesnt hold well i would recommend buy local so that you can tri it and return it thank you amazon for allow me to return thi pog"
"the pin 10mm is too wide for the disc brake hole and the disk is too wide for the lock to easili slip on and off without damag the dick bake itself great lock for other bike i suspect but not design for thick brake disk with smaller hole"
"ive got a sport bike that doesnt have ani storagebefor i had a smaller disc lock made by someon el but the intern on it alway lock up even when i had the keyso i got thi one want someth betterthi one is too big to mount in the littl spot i had beforeit came with a littl nylon carri bag and i tri mount that to the motorcycl but it didnt stay i took it off befor it fell off and i lost the locknow if i plan to go somewh that i want to lock up the motorcycl walmart or some sketchi bar i will tuck thi into the pocket of my ride jacket if i rememb it the problem is i have never rememb itiv never gotten ani use out of it yet there it sit brand new and never flaw"
"lock attach to the brake calib just fine but found after about 2 week of leav it on when i insert key it wouldnt come loo without hit and pull onc i got it off i spray dri liquid wrench grea and attach i work well at that point as i lock and unlock sever time again let it set about 2 week i went to unlock and same problem thi time i resort to wd40 and lock and unlock sever time without ani problem two or three week later here we go again the lock doe attach to the calib just fine and the tire cant be roll without caus damag to the brake calib so secur is not a problem it just get the thing to unlock smooth without appli altern mean and method for get the thing to relea"
"the trimax t3black receiv lock is one of the best lock offer it plenti long and veri well made the weight and feel of the metal is a testament to it qualiti and workmanship i am veri satisfi with the lock the rubber lock cover keep out dirt and water it is definit worth the moneyupd after go thru a brutal winter in ohio thi lock rust and the key wouldnt open it i end up have to cut it off which by the way wasnt easi mayb if i would have lube it good and made sure the cover wa on constant it may have last for that reason alon i reapprai it to one star"
"i have a 750 honda shadow and thi will not fit over the disk brake it wa too cheap to hassl with the return"
"i see that no one ha left a review in a while so they no one may have order for a 2012i order thi for my 2012 jk and it doe not fit the circumf for the steer wheel wa right but i assum the thick of the steerng wheel ha chang as thi doe not cover the steer wheel correct front to back and i had to remov and return"
"it wa way too small for an adult head after test it a coupl of time i start get dizzi and not sure whether it wa the fume i wa smell when the mask wa tight close to my nose anyway i simpl cannot rate thi ani higher not becaus of the small size but more about the odorfum"
"ive use rainx product on and off for year while rainx doe shed water from the windshield as adverti be advi that it leav a hazi film on the windshield that produc a glare when illumin by overhead street light and oncom traffic light which danger impair vision and the abil to see the road ahead of you thi is true dure daytim drive but is more so while drive at night especi as you pass underneath ambercolor street light onc appli rainx is difficult to remov and take quit a while to wear off by itself after a recent windshield replac to which i appli rainx i realiz just how bad my vision wa impari by use thi product glass cleaner didnt seem to work so to remov the rainx i resort to a superconcentr windshield cleaner it took sever attempt and a lot of elbow grea but i eventu wa abl to remov the product from my windshield i toss the remain rainx product in the trash so my kid wont be tempt to use it on their car windshield"
"they ship thi in a box with no wrap around it thi allow cardboard dust to get all over it there is a ton of lint and residu left behind i bought these for auto detail main to remov wax or quick detail i would not use to buff wax the residu is annoy buy a better qualiti cloth"
"these are perfect for someon who ha some extra cash that theyd prefer to wast but doesnt have a lighter handi to just burn ita other have said cheap thin nonabsorb the rever side ha some kind of fishnet god forbid your clean someth reckless and accid get a wipe in with ani part of the fishnet face downward youll have some nice scratch in your paint or plastic or whatev it is you like to polishto make thing even weirder they have tag on them and theyr on the microfib side what yep it a 1side product and they put the tag on the on usabl side geniu have some scissor readi to cut those off"
"as other have mention these have a plastic mesh on one side so you can on use onc side of each cloth the mesh also make it veri precari and frustrat to usethey do clean glass quit well although in the futur i will like look to anoth microfib cloth that doesnt have one side which is useless in fact after on a few use i grew fedup with these and toss them in the trash"
"look cheap the hook sit out too far so i dont feel comfort leav them hang in the cari dont want someon to accid snag themselv or hit their face on thi in the back seatespeci with a child in the back"
"let me say that for the price 650 it hard to complainthey are a heavi gaug steel and look like they will hold up to a reason amount of weight that is i doubt youd have anyth in a groceri bag that would creat a problem for themthey came a littl bent upeasili fixedwhat i didnt like wa that the protect end wa not plastic or rubber but wood 2 of them were deliv unattach to the end of the hook and just like in the pictur of one of the other review one of them split in half when i tri to put it back oni need to find some new cap to replac the wood as the end are just a littl jag without the protect end on i suggest that the manufactur switch to plastic or rubber and someth that stay onupd downgrad my reviewsoon all of the wooden cap had broken off thi creat a hazard for littl kid in the back seat as well as my flip up rear seat they are on use if they are in the car and i had to take them out to save eye and upholsteri"
"we own an airoswiss ao 7135 ultrason humidifi for a few week now the machin ha indic through it warn light that it requir clean our airoswiss 7135 is hypersensit it warn light goe on with the tiniest invi speck so initi we bought airoswiss ez cal cleaner descal didn8217t do the trick thereaft we replac the demin cartridg and content still no chang even after follow the instruct to the letter and clean with special brush our humidifi wouldn8217t extinguish it clean light so last resort thi ezcal pro again appli the product as instruct without success so our humidifi is present run with the irrit littl light on but oper as it should be nevertheless the ez cal cleaner descal and the ezcal pro liquid didn8217t do wonder in our case either so cant say that were thrill with the airoswiss mainten product in the futur well stick to vinegar or some other gener decalcif agent"
"ok i purcha thi for my bike becaus i had a good experi with anoth accutir pressur gaugebut thi one 34sucks34 it work ok when i first got it but after 2 year the batteri went dead and i on use it mayb 20 time my other accutir pressur gaug is 10 year old and im still on the origin batteri so i purcha a new batteri and found out you have to take thi whole thing apart to get to where the batteri is buri so i take it apart veri care not to lose these veri small part and replac the batteri so happi with my batteri instal i go out to my garag and tri it out and all i get is 1 psi on the lcd so i tri a differ car same thing 1 psi thi is a dispo item when the batteri die you just throw it away and buy a new one no thank i will keep use my analog pressur gaug"
"dont believ the ad statement heavi duti cord translat into heavi duti anyth other than mayb rubber insul thi is for lowpow item on it is 20awg wire insid bare enough wire diamet to run a 5watt speaker if you think you are go to plug in a tire inflat a 1000000 candl spotlight etc you are sad mistaken thi is not repeat not heavi duti it is a crime that the wire awg american wire gaug is not list in the spec otherwi you would know that plug in a heavi amperag load is either go to burn thi up in a split second or turn it into a heater coil and set your car on fire when you tri if you want to charg a cell phone an ipad etc on it go ahead no problem but the problem is most peopl buy an exten cord for a cigarett lighter to do someth with a heavi amp load outsid of the vehicl thi will not support a heavi amp load"
"i bought thi in may of 2013 and it now septemb 1 2013 i tri to use thi cord for the first time over the labor day weekend holiday with no result michigan summer feel mani time like your in kentucki with the heat humid with that said i need someth to cool me down camp along the west michigan shorelin the endless breez did a great job of that but i need an exten cord to run it i final open thi exten cord up and tri to use it noth i thought that mayb i need to check the fuse so i did and guess what it didnt even have the capabl of use a fuse that danger and could blow an electron devic upi notifi amazon and as usual they gave me an opportun to send it back even though im out of the return date thank amazon your the best"
"so i bought thi after the tool said thi would fit my car well after some further research and tri to instal it i found that it doesnt go in my car nor doe my model even take a cabin filter"
"it wa hard to fit or put indid i say i smell chine dungwel doe not fit like it wa made for the cari smell chine dung dont you"
"terribl piec of item i have ever purchasedi threw away the product and purcha a better product at walmart"
"did not fit my car filter har after amazon compat tool said it would there wa a 1534 gap compar to the oem filter i have a 2006 honda civic si steer clear of thi if you own the same car"
"these are ok they keep the water from reach the floor but without ridg they also keep the water to where it hit your shoe in and out of the car in snowi and ici condit and you can be damn sure that you are go to end up get freez water in your shoe as an unplea surpri they are hard to empti without spill becaus of the lack of a lip on the front of the liner so you either wait till the water dri on it own which doesnt happen in winter soak it up with a towel or attempt to empti it and end up with water exact where it wasnt suppo to go howev they probabl work fine for sandi or muddi condit as they are pretti easi to clean off over there are better option and i wish i had gone with one of the other option instead"
"i wont recommend thi product i have a compressor for my car 12v and i bought thi it dosent work"
"i wa use thi to power my viair 00073 70p heavi duti portabl compressor but with 6amp it doenst do the job return it and went with schumach 1216 12v 15 amp power convert good to go"
"we have these on the awn of our rv the metal portion rust the first season we use them would not buy replac"
"i use my batteri tender a lot so i just throw it in a plastic shop bag rather then to stuff it in thi littl case i end up use thi case for small part etc then to store the batteri tender that i like in it it just need to be a littl larger"
"i previous own the cabl luber that on ha 1 thumb screw could never get that one to work i thought thi one would do the trick i could not get thi one to work as well"
"first off let me say that i am high doubt that thi pump could possibl reach 300psi it a cheap auto pump equip with a cheap dim safeti light the digit pressur gaug doesnt seem to work at all mine jump around from 14psi to 98psi in moment if you want to use the digit display more than onc you have to unplug and replug the unit stupid there are much much better product out there keep look"
"i tri thi one one of my tire when i unbox it and when it shut off the display would never come back on i wa readi to give up right there until i saw anoth review had a similar issu and that it would work again after be unplug from power and plug back in right there that make thi unit a fail for me sinc if you have to remov power between wheel it becom much more of a pain to deal with but a few day later it actual did not kill the display after shut off automat with one tire so it wasnt just by design it seem to just be total intermittentth abil to set a pressur and let it stop when it hit that pressur is a great concept but thi thing hasnt work anyth near as adverti i set if for 38 psi sinc my tire max at 44 and the manufactur suggest 33 but i like a littl stiffer wheel than that on one tire it shut off about 375 on anoth i had to stop it at 39 myself becaus it never did shut off on the other two it wa about 375 or so accept you can pick in 1 psi increment abov 30 and it read in 12 psi increment but when i test with a veri good tire pressur gaug the read thi wa give wa realli around the scale the tire that wa inflat to 39 psi befor i shut it off myself wa actual at 41 one of the one that shut off about 375 one wa actual 35 one wa actual 37then there the issu with the rubber insid the valv piec the veri first tire i put thi on and then remov a piec of the rubber seal insid the nozzl fell to the floor it like it dri rot alreadi or someth and the plastic lever to lock and unlock is not veri strong at all and bend to the point im afraid it will snap when im put it on or offnoth about thi unit scream qualiti which would explain the low price the concept is good but the execut fail in mani mani way"
"there are better choic in air compressor than thi unit i dont like the fact that the digit gaug stop work after it reach the preset pressur the unit must be unplug and plug in again to get the gaug work again also the gaug is not veri accur the compressor take too long to inflat my car tire to the correct pressur 32psi it may be good for light duti stuff like pool float and the like but it is not power enough to inflat auto and truck tire thi may be a good compressor to leav in the car for emerg but there are better choic i purcha thi campbel hausfield compressor for under 20 sever year ago and it is still work great but it doesnt have a pressur gaugecampbel hausfeld rp1200 12volt compact inflat"
"i bought thi for automot detail interior engin bay wheel etc thi product fall short in two veri import area 1 the bristl are not stiff enough to do ani real clean you appli pressur and it lose shape veri quick to the point where you are drag the side of the bristl around the area you are tri to clean 2 it shed like crazi ive use these brush half a dozen time alreadi and they are still shed whatev im clean end up with loo bristl all over them"
"thi is a veri easi to use gaug that allow for neg adjust by simpli tap the button on the side to relea air while watch the read it seem well made and i hate to say i have drop it a coupl of time but with no ill effect other review have led me to believ that slime make some of the most accur gaug out thereupd 10113 it is now 9 lb off for no appar reason and is worthless"
"first time i zip pant leg the zipper broke off right in my hand lol now that qualiti buy someth el"
"i like the look of these when they arriv howev they are not veri heavi gaug metal and bend easili when instal onto the tail light the on good thing about thi is that they bend back into place just as easili as they had bent out of shape nice look but need to be better made"
"the fender flare arriv ahead of the schedul deliveri date the passeng side front fender ha a flaw in it the side mold do not fit flush against the fender flare the on posit is that the fender where easi to instal i would not recommend thi product to other"
"it a littl to small to fit my licen plate anyway i didnt want to take the time to send it back and look for anoth one so i made it fit mine i just use a pair of tin snip and trim off a small piec of the licen plate along the bottom it cant be seen sinc it behind the frame work fine but i shouldnt have had to do anyth so it pretti bad when you cant make someth to fit what it suppo to fit how hard would it be to measur a few differ state licen plate and make it big enough to fit the largest one"
"cheap plastic that crack easili and a wast of timeget someth that cost more and made betterth end"
"seem well made howev it is pretti slow pump 10w30 oil at room temp the engin should be warm upth plastic clip use to pinch off the line until vacuum is built up seem to deform the plastic tube further slow down flowi just order a 38 fuel onoff valv for under 500 on amazonand will elimin that clip which should help51214 updat remov the plastic pinch valv and put on the abov brass 38 onoff valv thi valv definit seal better and may allow more flow as the hose isnt pinch at all anymor it still take much longer to pump 10w30 oil than i expect count on a half hour for 4 quartsif i knew and i did watch a video show oh well it work how slow thi is i would have simpli purcha and still may an electr pump"
"i guess that im old school but thi product is not for mefirst as other have state spatter is a problem no matter how care you aresecond there not a lot of surfac contact area so it take a long time to get anywherethird even if you are care in squez out the ball after you wash it it take a veri long time day to dri outmi suggest is to take some fluffi old athlet sock and do the job by hand that a lot of work but it seem to go faster than with the ball it also easier to judg where you have beendisclaim my experi is limit and i have on tri thi product on an old car that ha set unwax for near 30 year if your car is newer and the paint ha been kept up you may have better luck with the ball i plan to tri it on a honda crv with nice paint and will provid an updat follow thathop the next experi will be magic"
"i am read lot of bad review on these pigtail what worri me the most is some seem to be ship with a differ thread type and peopl are strip them tri to make them work whi the heck cant these be standard ive also read that some come with differ size of npt as well as differ thread type it seem that what is list is not alway what you order and on top of that someon like me who doe not know how to recogn the differ thread type and size wont even know if i receiv the correct part or the wrong parti recommend you doubl check your part number on the hose befor instal them to avoid strip your regulatori thought whi not use quick connect hose to connect my regul to my applianc it seem these mate up nice to other quick connectsbut on if made by camco and then these quick connect fit dont mate up easili to the other part like regul etc wtf i need still anoth adapt and some peopl tell me perhap multipl adapt to make it all work im not go to use three differ adapt to mate up a quick connect that mean i have a huge lunk thing stick out readi to be damag knock out of place that is sure to leak out all my expen propaneok so i call camco i want to be sure i order the right part and spoke to two differ peopl at camco that blew me off it seem camco part dont necessarili fit each other and they dont sell adapt to make them fit it would be great if they could provid some custom support and perhap make up some custom hose to help peopl make thing worki give thi a 1 star becaus camco huge fail in help me put togeth a system that will allow me to hook up extern tank to my rvone star also becaus they ship differ type of hose fit and buyer dont know what they are gettinghonest id like to order one of everi one of their part and analyz them im an engin and if i cant figur out what to order base on conflict informationreview that report receiv differ size fit 1434 npt than specifi 3834 npt and a multitud of part numbersand a need for adapt when a buyer should be abl to buy everyth he or she need without an adapterit all tell me camco ha not thought out how their product are usedthink about it there are on so mani way propan tank hose and applianc are hook up i dont see ani need for adapt other than those that attach to the tank"
"use a 6 gal plastic ga can been use mine for 8 year so far"
"for almost 9 thi is too much i recycl my old 1 gallon milk jug and take them to my auto store for recycl thi is much easier on the wallet sinc you alreadi bought the milk"
"the toler on the thread of thi contain are poor grant it is quit inexpen and the consum can on expect so much at thi price point i have test about a dozen of these contain sold at variou retail outlet not a singl one could be tighten such that i wa unabl to squeez air out of it while thi may not be a problem for high viscou oil other more volatil compound which may contamin the oil could leak outiron you can purcha a similar size kitti liter contain at aldi for the same price use the litter for an oil absorb if you dont own a cat"
"dure the first week the anco wiper wa on the driver side of my outdooron car we had 80 degr weather rain sleet snow the anco wiper start leav a small eyelevel streak after 4 day the streak is faint but definit there and annoying right at eye levelmi passeng side wiperacdelco 22acd clear vision wiper blade with wear indic 22 pack of 1 ha been on my car sinc the begin of the year and ha been through multipl snow storm and freez temperatur the ac delco wiper continu to be streakfreei am go to put the driver side acdelco wiper back on my car it ha a higher profil arm but it doe a great job"
"these did not fit my 08 suburban the descript said w 9x3 hook so i assum that to be includ it wasnt and i wa unabl to use these on my 08 suburban"
"i realli do like beam style wiper they dont rust they look nicer than the old fashion style of wiper and they perform better in most instanc except thi oneth 22 anco contour wiper i mount on the driver side of my 2007 hyundai accent a part match fit accord to amazon part finder wont conform complet or correct to the curvatur of the windshield it leav a section of the windshield partial wipe put a streak of water a coupl inch wide and right in my line of sight ive tri clean the window and wipe down the blade but noth solv the issu a visual inspect of the 22 blade reveal no physic defect or flawsth 16 anco contour blade i have instal on the passeng side of my accent clear the window without thi problemi have also notic that at highway speed abov 65 mph both blade seem to lift off the windshield and are less effect at clear water away even though these blade have a spoiler built into them to cut down on thi high speed problemi realli want to like these blade they fit on my car without the need of a bulki and unsight adapt like some other brand requir you to use unfortun look arent realli an import featur in a wiper blade perform is and unfortun these blade just dont cut itupdateaft just a coupl week on the vehicl the 22 wiper on the driver side is leav a four to six inch wide section of the windshield right in my line of sight on partial clear review drop to one star blade toss in the trash"
"these wiper were instal on my priu ive had it for sever year and the origin wiper were just not clean as they use to i wa surpri that thi small car need a wiper that wa longer than the one my 4 runner usesim not sure whi but the larger blade start to leav about 2 to 3 inch smear in the middl of the blade i have reinstal it use my old trick of dilut vinegar to clean the blade and the windscreen and it still doe not do an adequ job the smaller blade is work fine but thi larger one will definit need to be replac befor the next few day of inclement weather"
"what junk scratch way too easi and wa scratch when i got them threw away dont wast your money is you ipe or wash your car"
"i wa pull over in texa and my wife just got pull over in vega for have the tint one on just anoth reason for pig to pull you over our have been on our car for six yearsnow all the sudden you cant have them on ur car i wa told on on the backit illegali will wait for them to make me take mine off"
"it work well for a few day and after that i have to dump my tank and deposit more biopak i just dont know i may be do someth wrong but i dont think so becaus i am follow the direct on the packag if ani one ha some tip plea post them"
"i wa hope thi tool to be good but it ha poor design in my honest opinion the tool is way too bigtal and heavi becaus 50 of the time i cant take a tread read becaus the tool is too big to fit in between the tire and the upper wheel wall on most of the car i work on thi thing weigh like 12 pound and that just way too heavi for a tire tread gaug it doe feel rock solid sturdier though but it too difficult to use becaus it hard to quick retract the measur point in between take read"
""
"bought from amazon back in april 2012 didnt tri to use it until just recent my yokahama geoland tire when brand new had 1332 of tread use thi fowler digit gaug it told me i had 2332 of tread how is that possibl these tire are magic grow more rubber i check on multipl spot on the tire and wa alway around 2332 so at least that part is consist i went to the fowler home page and email them last week have yet to get a responsei end up purcha from amazon the milton s448 tire tread depth gaugework like a charm and much much cheaper not sure whi the fowler give me the whack out read took out batteri and replac itbut i guess there are alway defect onesespeci when deal with anyth electronicanoth reason to go with the milton tread gaugeveri basic yet it work"
"first i must say i hate purcha tool that on do one thingunitask i purcha thi socket tool becous i had to not beca i want to but quick found out i need anoth socket to turn it and here the kicker the socket is bigger then standard set 19mm or 34 so you have go out and purcha a 1516 or 24mm socket which is a huge socket i will never use thi socket unless i own a diesel truck add that to the cost of the wrench so about 8 dollar for the socket and the price of tool just to get start the oil filter wasnt on too tight so the cheaper plastic tool work out just fine for me the 24mm socket stay on the aluminum tool and should ship like that wast of time and money for a tool that on doe one task"
"i want to cover my spare receiv thi the day befor i went out of town right out of the box one of the seam at the black cord wa alreadi fray poor qualiti but you get what you pay for"
"vinyl is line with fleecelik materi entir sleev is veri pliabl just warm it up befor put them on strap are canvass cord with plastic buckl high recommendedupd 10272013 bare had these 2 12 month purcha august 7 2013 and one of the plastic buckl clip have broken i put them on onc for about 1 12 month remov them for a month to camp and just went to put them back on the clip on one of them just fell apart in my hand veri cheap do not recommend"
"these are cheap and bare cover the top of the tire it is also veri difficult to maneuv the elast strap around the back of the tire so it can latch to the other elast strip i liter have to use a stick wrap the long strap around it and push it so i can grab it at the other side i would think it would be a better design to put elast all the way around so the tire would be complet cover without have to awkward strap it down"
"these fit perfect on my tire but the strap that go around to hold them in place were not easi to connect i had to climb under the 5th wheel to connect the buckl normal thi would not be a problem except i park the rv in a gravel lot just be awar of how they secur on the back side"
"return thi fit wa okay but with on flimsi magnet to hold it in place there wa no way it wa go to stay put in a 5060 mph wind i wasnt will to risk it"
"i realli want thi to work it exact what i want the massiv tip on the end and the side spring design caus it to popout of my lighter socketi like the idea of the cover and it feel well builtdescript should have said someth about requir socket depthi suppo it will work in a deeper socket just not mine bummer"
"i tri it out in my car with a voltag meter and it would not work i check to see if i had fulli mate to make sure i had power fortun for me i touch my meter and it wa veri warm to the touch i unplug it and let it cool off i remov the adapt and plug my meter direct into the lighter fortun my meter still work i thought the adapt had short my meter the green light on the adapt show it wa get power from my car batteri but there must be an intern short which heat up my volt meter i guess you get what you paid for"
"walmart sell it for 1499 amazon need to drop the price to at least 1499editdo what it say it doe and doe it well 5 star for the product itselfthank to amazon for adjust the price to market condit 5 star for the price also"
"i order base on product name not size next time ill order by size well made but the connect is a littk weird"
"ive got a suburban furnac model nt16 if curiou and while these do fit the diamet of the open and the spring hold them on with the suburban design there is a big open gap at the bottom underneath the bottom screen it the way the outsid plate is mold it rai most of the way around except from about 5 oclock to 7 oclock there the screen bridg over the open gap and defeat the purpo ani bug that want in could get in grant it would stop a mouseyoud be better off if you have thi design get a rectangular one that cover the whole plate that what ill tri nextstil give it 2 star becaus im sure theyd work fine on a differ model but they should say what model these fit"
"the issu i had with these glove is they are so thin that just the rough handl of the fit can tear through them there are better glove out there which are probabl more expen so i suppo you get what you pay foron thing i found funni the packag also doubl as a case and they give you doublesid tape so you can mount it on a wall etcbut to use it you have to break open the 34slot34 which turn the packag into a dispen remov the glove the glove are seal in anoth piec of plastic and remov the doublesid tape which is also insid but the glove bundl is physic larger than the slot so you end up have a hard time remov the glove as well as reinsert them after remov the inner glove packag"
"i travel all summer i am dump tank a few time a week i need a dispo glove to keep my hand from get dirti with wast so i can toss them and get in the truck to drive off to my next stopth i would not consid noth more than cheap thin plastic glove baggi sandwich bag would work as good and fit as good mayb even work better as baggi dont rip as easi as these save your money and the frustrationthey dont fit they rip so easi and usual fall of half way through and are rip so i end up have to wash up in the end like i never use ani glove at all i would buy good latex glove that fit snug and wont rip so easili"
"purcha these glove to use when dump my tank on my rv i wa not veri satifiedi with thi product the problem that i had wa that befor you could get them on you hand the glove would come apart and either they would rip at the finger hole or just come apart put them on they are veri thin to use and i believ one size fit all when i did use them i end up use sever glove just to get the tank emptiedi end up buy a box of rubber glove to use that were 100 better then these veri thin glove sorri i would not recommend thi product for dump your tank"
"too light flimsi and just about useless great for new rvcamper owner that are afraid theyll get their hand dirti while dump their rvcamper tank they dont fit well slide around on your hand"
"to thin rip befor the job wa done i toss them and got a heavier glove dont wast your money"
"had some fog and discolor on the top edg of my headlight on my 08 civic tri out thi kit becaus it wa cheaper than have a pro do it now i wish i had just paid the extra to begin with i meticul follow the direct and went through everi step of the process and my end result wa wor than where i start instead of some fog at the top of the light i now have swirl mark and a hazi look over the entir light when look on an angl the light appear total white and even from a distanc dont have that new look shine that they had even when they were fog i would not recommend thi unless you like cheap look fix also i scratch my fender becaus one of the pad velcro tore loo while i wa sand not 100 the kit fault but still veri infuriatingeditaft cur myself for hour i decid i had to fix thi i got out multipl polish and product that i know are from a reput companymeguiar with these i polish over the headlight mani time and made them look as thi kit should have done the result were great and can be seen in a side by side comparison in the photo i ad i still do not recommend thi kit at all becaus it is far from complet and for the non car enthusiast that is the differ form a good outcom and a horribl disappoint also if you do ani type of restor on headlight you remov ani remain clear coat on the light so they may reyellow or fog quick to prevent thi it is a good idea to seal them with someth like optilen or opticoat they are expen but work extrem well"
"heavi grade plastic i just dont like how they look on my jeep took them out and took the loss live and learn"
"cheap and thin fit ok but wa worri it would either rip in the wind or blow off the spare so i return it painless return process from amazon 5 star for that anyway"
"i bought some of thi at my local harbor freight anddid not have good result i want to remov some rust from and repaint my skid plate for the suv after read the direct i sand down the worst spot cover the part in paper towel soak in the evaporust and cover the paper towel with saran wrap to prevent evapor after leav it sit for 12 hour the maximum recommend period of time there wa no differ the part were still as rusti as everif you have larg part that need rust remov i recommend naval jelli first and foremost it is a thick gel that you paint on and it eat away the rust within 1520 minut handl with extrem care becaus it is high corro but you will get the result your after in a pinch the napa brand is almost as good and readili avail"
"feel like i am be choke to death but doe keep my neck warm a similar materi but scarf like would be better"
"product clip are veri flimsi i would not trust thi net on my car dure highway drive as soon as i put it on my rooftop carrier the two oppo corner came apart on close inspect i realiz the corner were simpli tie togeth just as you would tie your shoe veri danger and sloppi workmanship i wa veri fortun the item came apart dure instal and not on the road if you zoom in close on the product pix youll notic the two corner tie togeth those are the 2 failur point note the net wa not stress nor overstretch dure instal in order to caus thi type of failur be safe on the road stay away from thi item"
"some peopl bought it becaus the design posit the light to the side and make drive easier sinc the light wont block your view while drive and that veri true it work and that the reason whi i bought it the problem i had and the reason i return it and gave it two star is 1 it came with it own screw which wa a plu but screw start to rust and at that time we just hit fall no snow yet 2 the design made it so hard to adjust the light i have the rig indust d2 light and it wa hard to get the light to go a bit higher it stay down light most of my hood which wa veri annoy and distract 3 it came with two 4 piec of doubl side sticker 2 for each side to protect the surfac of the paint they were so thin i decid to go to the hardwar store and buy 3m doubl side sticker my mistak wa use the sticker that came with the bracket and the one i bought i found out about thi after i took them off is the 2piec that came with the bracket didnt protect my paint and saw lot of scratch but the other one i bought from the store held up pretti goodi end up buy rug ridg 1102703 black windshield hing light bracket and it much much better choic and sinc my light arent as huge as some i dont have ani problem with my light stick up a lil"
"i have bike rack step hitch and trailer hitch attach and none of them fit as poor as thi im use a curt hitch receiv btw it is a good 14 off on the side i would never drive around with thi thing clang away at the hitch and possibl bend the pin and damag the hitch receiv thi is strict a vehicl toolbox attach to on be instal when you get stuck it a shame becaus the qualiti otherwi seem top notch"
"pull my jeep out of a puddl with a moder tug and it ha begun to fray after one use look like it will be around for a littl longer but i didnt expect that to happen"
"lot of mix review on thi one but i thought i would give it a trythi product will not fit ani 34d34 cell mag lite the strap that loop over the head of the flashlight is way too short and can not be modifi i didnt want to go buy a 34c34 cell maglit so back it goe"
"i have purcha thi gaug from anoth catalog compani sever year ago and wa veri plea with the qualiti and perform and featur of thi type of gaug unfortun thi gaug purcha on amazon is terribl i dont know if thi is a knockoff or if thi compani is allow other manufactur to manufactur under licen but the one i got is terribl the lock chuck on my previou purcha would clip on and stay lock on tight to my tire valv the one here do not stay lock on the second i let go of push it on the valv the pressur drop to zero i contact the manufacturef on the packag gh meiser and they were so kind as to send me replac chuck but these were on margin better but when i tri inflat my tire thru thi gaug the gaug read would swing all the way past 100 as the compressor wa pump air thi is not the way my previou year purcha behav if the recommend pressur wa 35 my old accugaug would read around 40ish as the compressor wa runningnot swing wild to 100 as thi one doe i wont buy thi gaug thru amazon anymor as a previou accugag i bought a coupl of week earlier wa also return for nonlock chuck"
"thi is on fair the clip mechan doe not hold well to a valv stem and must be frequent readjust"
"i had thi gaug for about a year and wa veri plea with the accuraci and handi but the first time i drop it it wa finish i took it apart and found the littl ball had broken off the stem that provid the seal in the gaug it look like it had been glu onbefor i drop it it work great so much for the rubber armor on the gaug"
"lose accuraci after ride in the saddl bag for a while i fill up tire with a portabl compressor with digit gaug that shut off at design psi doubl check with thi ez air gaug and had to let like 10 pound outi think to myself thi isnt right so doubl check pressur with a pen gaug from the car and sure enough tire is 10 pound light either my portabl compressor and pen gaug are lie ident or thi gaug ha lost it accuracyi will know for sure how much it off onc i get the chanc to swing it by a tire shopal of thi may seem minor but on a motorcycl 10 pound can becom a huge safeti concern a gaug that is more than 34 pound off will go in the trash my safeti is worth more than the 510 buck i save on a bargain gaug"
"it work pretti well for light use after i cut off the cigarett lighter power plug and replac it with a10 gaug 2 pin quick disconnect har into which i can plug a set ofbatteri tender 08100694 allig clip with black 2pin quick disconnect plugor plug direct into abatteri tender 08100696 ring termin har with black fuse 2pin quick disconnect plugattach to my motorcycl batteri it work pretti well now with a direct connect to the batteri especi if the carmotorcycl engin is runningwith that modif thi littl pump is fine for bicycl and motorcycl tire and for top off a slight low car tire but i wouldnt want to use it to fulli inflat a fullsiz car or truck tire from begin to end the littl pump get pretti hot after a coupl of minutesth gaug on mine is fair accur close enough to be consid reliablebefor i modifi the power connector it continu blew fuse and after put in a stronger fuse the connect got exceeding hot after on a few minut of use my new connect dont get hot at all"
"8 x 4 x 11 dont make my mistak thi thing is tini check the dimen at near 13 you would think it would be of some size wrong again my fault for not read should be adverti and a bathroom trash can there is no way thi is worth 13 buck"
"these seem like a nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the door and ceil skylight by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the window boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the window and skylight but it pull off the shini chrome window cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be a sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the windowfram if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy some customfit window shade instead your local homeimprov store can help give you option and cut them to size"
"the velcro that is sent with it is not veri goodon hot day in the rv they fall off and they tear easi"
"it is too small for my standard size rv door which make me wonder what sort of veri thin door it is made for"
"thi item is veri cheapli made and the velcro that it come with doe not stay stuck as soon as the velcro heat up is fall off of the rv window i had to go but industri strength velcro to attach it with and it seem to work pretti good just be care when remov them from your window becaus they will tear veri easili also if you are look for someth to keep the light out thi is not the product it will filter some of the light out but if i had to guess i would say that it on filter about fifti percent of it out oh well lesson learn i would not recommend thi product unless you are will to go buy some industri strength velcro disappoint in thi product you get what you pay for and it is not made in the usa therefor you judg the qualiti of itupd i gave in and bought some industri strength velcro it is black velcro and took the velcro off that came with them and appli the industri strength velcro they stay in place now and the do help to keep the sun out they do not darken the room to a blackout but they do help happi now that i solv the problem of them stay put in place"
"wa hope they would fit into my bmw e46 and save me 40 but they were 134 too short on the driver side long one they were almost therewhi wont anyon make a refil that fit my bmw youd sell a boat load"
"the problem with thi wash mop is that the head fall off the handl quit easili if you tri to shake it off to get some rin water out the whole head pop right off obvious thi is veri annoy and thi problem occur from day 1 it is not that the thing wa abus over time"
"thi thing will break within 5 minut of your first use the plastic which hold the head on is incr thin and unabl to move without the wash head fli off"
"went to screw on the pump to a quart of oil and cheap plastic lid broke right off after fabric anoth lid found that thi will work good for top off the transmiss fluid but not for a fluid chang as it took 15 minut for about 6 ounc of fluid to transfer use the old fashion tube and upsid down bottl instead"
"put thi in my 04 jeep tj nv3550 and like other review on here it seem to work great in there not sure what fluid wa in it befor and i didnt notic a massiv improv or anyth but shift smooth and no issu so far good price too recommend the nv3550 take exact two bottlesupd it ha been cold the past few day 10c and my jeep is extrem hard to get into gear for the first 5km or so wasnt do thi befor the fluid chang it seem to work fine abov 0 though just an fyi for anyon live in colder climat"
"thi neg one star review is due to amazon problem with their matrix for what part fit a particular vehicl i would rate mann oil filter at five star i need an oil filter mann for a 2006 bmw 325 ci convert amazon fit guid steer me toward the mann hu 816 long stori short the hu 816 doe not fit my vehicl i need a mann hu925 i had to go to a differ web site for fit and verif i still order the correct filter via amazon becaus amazon ha the best price one star to amazon vehicl fit guid and five star for the mann filter"
"thi thing didnt fit into my 2006 honda civic it suppo to but the frame wa not trim correct the build qualiti is poor"
"it did not fit and i return it i order a fram and it fit right in plu fram had a rebat"
"whi not just keep your tool and other rustpron item in a dri place thi is a great idea if youv got thing you absolut cant keep out of rustpron locat but at the same time you have to replac these littl unit everi three month and the area they cover is minim these littl inhibitor start to add upfast great concept but it should realli last longer especi for the price"
"first off i could not see ani benefit use thi product in my toolbox it a 30day product so what the point i suggest prime and paint ani metal item to prevent rust"
"i expect to be abl to just put thi product in a toolbox gun case boat etc and forget about it but to my surpri it on last 90 day im not sure i fulli understand thi if the product vapor a corro protect on the content of the toolbox then whi doe it have to be replac the on reason i can think of is that if the tool are use then the protect is lost there are tool box drawer liner that do not have time limit that would be signific cheaper in the long run and it is on good for 2 cubic feet of space it say that thi is the size of an averag tool box most of mine are quit a bit bigger than that wipe tool down with an oili rag would also be a lot cheaper if thi product last for a year it might be worthwhil but there are so mani other cheaper way to protect tool and equip from rust and corro but if you have an enclosur or equip that cannot be protect ani other way then thi product might be worthwhil if you can rememb to replac it and have access to it"
"mine ha never been use and paint chip off can be a real tight fit too can make it work still but the foam gasket ha to compress way too far"
"i order thi befor measur a big mistak the distanc from the plate to the hole and thi wont fit mani applic correct with the pin in the hole the plate stick out way too far from the receiv over an inch and then rattl i just threw it away as it too cost to send back drill new hole would be difficult and then rust problem bottom line measur your receiv applic and then ask them if thi unit will fit correct befor buy their spec should indic the distanc from the plate back to the center of the hole"
"thia say 500lb capac mayb right over the main support but otherwi you should balanc your load well and i will use strap to help support the outboard corner i kept it becaus it is a use thing but not for a heavi item"
"the glove look great look like a qualiti built but after use 5 time foam pad from the insid start to come out let see how long it will lastupd 9172013develop a hole on one of the finger with on about a month and a half of use mayb about 1015 ride i still like the fit and feel"
"not sure whi these guard are get such rave review sure they look cool but the weld on the two vertic bar which are weak in and of themselv are absolut terribl if even a twig get hungup in those thing the weld will like snap you might just snap them tri to get the thing over your light if your in thi for the look go for it if you want protect for your light go elsewh"
"thi item that i order twice in two differ size alway said it would fit my 2013 jeep wrangler sport unlimit never fit say easi to instal but it doe not go over the light cover realli want thi to work the second time chanc the descript and say doesnt fit 2013 jeep"
"the bristl on thi brush are long but too space out to be effect on a multispok wheel if you have larg flat wheel thi will probabl work ok but it doe a horribl job of actual clean anyth complet i use a second bucket for my wheel and just end up use a differ wash mitt it take easili 34x as long to clean a wheel with thi brush complet as it doe to simpli use a mitt save your money and just buy a second bucket and a cheap wash mitt and call it a day the on reason i didnt return it is becaus it handi for wash my suspen and wheel well but it a worthless wheel brush"
"great brush but it wont last veri long show signif wear and tear after a few use on my suv wheel some of the polyest bristl is fall out alreadi will not buy again"
"over there is noth wrong with thi brush but it just doesnt seem to clean i have a 2012 for explor and thi brush just doesnt seem to do anyth between the spoke"
"i have a reason amount of experi do car detail and i can say thi brush realli is not suitabl for carpet i wa surpri as thi brush ha mani posit review these peopl have to be tear up their carpet and upholsteri with thi thingth bristl are stiff stiffer than most tire brush i sure as heck wouldnt use thi thing on the carpet in my car it would destroy them i would be even less inclin to use thi on my upholsteri it would tear right through it for under six dollar im sure i will find some use for it perhap brush out the wheel well that is about how thick and stiff the bristl are i suppo if you had rubber car mat it would work well for those but those usual dont need much in the way of brush to get cleanal in all save your six dollar and go to the hardwar store and get a brush with bristl that arent as stiff you should be let your carpet cleaner do most of the work not your bristl"
"bristl are way too stiff i use thi brush onc on my cloth seat vw gti to remov a small quarter stain it left perman damag to the surfac of the seat and i didnt even use much pressur clean should be 80 chemic and 20 brush you do not need a brush thi stiff unless your mayb clean woodmet"
"it a bit flimsi the wire that loop around are thin and will bend easi the fuzzi part is also a thin lowcount bristl and doesnt realli seem to dig in and clean good handl though"
"not everyth promi easili bend and loss bristl not long enough not over happi with the product and would get a longer or bigger brush"
"not realli worth have as the brush is smaller than the head make it hard to get it in the hard to reach spotsth brush is not veri sturdi so doesnt last veri long"
"i dont understand whi but the two brush i got were terribl i use them to wash the small crevass on my motorcycl the problem wa the fact that the brush wouldnt go back to their straight posit as i would move them back and forth the brush would just follow it remind me of a sever bad tooth brush"
"after one trip the pin is coat in rust the cotter pin wa also extrem difficult oper a tini bit more flexibl would make it easier to use and wouldnt compromi ani safetyth fact that thi is cover in rust would prevent me from buy"
"i own 3 differ absorb and have use 5 in my lifetim but thi one is differ it ha all the mark of an absorb but it definit ha a differ textur and doe not work as well thi product i wouldnt even call it an absorb ha a real hard time soak up water unlik my other absorb and i believ it to be a clone"
"i wouldnt buy again doesnt last take the time and do a good hand wax applic might be handi for a quik dust thatsd about it dont use on interior as it eat away the letter on handl etc"
"the fan is low power the blade are super small so it doesnt push much air there are no feet as pictur there is not a switch on front as pictur it all on the which is less conveni for our use and the handl is grey not white and ha no hook on it the power cord 12 volt is like 9 inch long who on earth would put it 9 inch in front of their dash we bought it to replac a recharg fan that final die it wa by ozcool and expen sinc that fan recharg fail in the 1st 6 month we opt for a standard battery12 volt fan but the ozcool also had larg blade a hook and a super long 12 volt cord we need thi for the back window in the truck the one that slide open to give air to the dog fit in perfect while it work i wouldnt by thi under power misadverti item again also it ha no ac power option just 12 volt and batteri d"
"for the size of thi dc fan you would think it would turn out better air flow cfmsbut it is weak at besti bought an 02cool from amazon a coupl of week ago that impress me more due to it small size at under 800 that doe not requir 8d batteri on two and what with have to leav your key in the ignit i regressalso the product you will receiv look differ than the one pictur see my 3 jpgsi would pass on thi one"
"it work as it say hook it up on the bike for a long distanc 12v connect on travel and head phone"
"i order thi core remov and got a cheap piec of junk the one sent wa silver and did not even have the non slip end on iti notifi amazon on thi item"
"thi is not what i order or even close doe not look the same in color shape or size buyer bewar"
"veri cheapli made if you use your tailgat alot i would not recommend it doe the job but dont think it would hold up if use all the time"
"like other review i found that thi blade on wipe the lower half of the rear window unfortun i no longer have the old wiper to reus some of the partsth wiper itself is plastic and cannot be bent i found out the hard way and broke one of the two wiper that i order it appear that a portion of the plastic snapin adapt is in the way and the blade cannot curv enough to touch the window along it entir length"
"bought thi for my subaru forest the check said it would fit it didnt wont wast my time send back poor purcha"
"the crampbust doe not work as adverti for me i need to keep adjust it upward i tri a piec of 200 grit sandpap and rough up the insid of the crampbust it did not work ani better and i think i wast my money on thi one"
"doe not work with late model dodg canbu autolight the styrofoam packag insid the case wa damag upon arriv but the part themselv were not visibl damag"
"receiv open box look like everyth thrown in the box neither light work so all these good review tri again"
"i bought thi unit as a sale from amazon wareh i had kensun hid instal in my van is real good work order but when i instal thi kit i found the light bulb connector cannot well connect each other i check everi of the part is work ok it cant tell are there 9006 had differ in socket size i hope the seller can specifi or check their spec befor they list the the hid for sale at last i sent my problem to amazon custom servic they issu a return label immedi for me to return kit their servic is real high effici and prompt to solv out my concern im sure amazon provid good care of the custom"
"instal on 2013 elantra gt hatchback with oem projectorsfirst thing first you will need the signal cancelersso the light in the first deliveri werent work at all so i got a replac from amazon and they work fine for a bit befor they began to flicker custom servic sent me a relay har for free in exchang for good review even with the relay har i had a problem with random onoff timesi must say that the cabl although well built the connector are cheap i had to modifi one becaus the pin split after a while i just gave up tri sent them back and got anoth brand i dont believ in 3rd time a charmid say for the price give it a tri and see how it work for you but spend a bit more and get someth more solid with better connector wont hurt"
"the mechan devic that control the bixenon light did not work or at least did not work with my truck the light would immeadi shift in when the headlight would turn on the rest posit is outward and then would stick in place when the highbeam were trigger one would occas push out slight other than the fact the bixenon part did not work they look great for a great price i like have highbeam though so i sent them back"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give a 34link error34 ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same 34link error34 the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about a minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that 34i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not a us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on it34when i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said 34all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is a 19962012 car with an obdii connector it works34 i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state 34a long as you buy it from us we support it34 again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to a 2001 hondaacura"
"it seem to be ok but the construct of it seem to be cheap but i dont work on car for a live backyard mechan"
"work on my 2001 honda civicdo not work with 2010 honda crv link error it so incompat that when the scanner start to scan that the slip warn light would come on freak me out but after i turn the ignit key off and back on the light would go awayi might keep it around just for the civic and as a loaneri know thi thing is cheap but if i wa to do it all over i would save the money and buy a better uniti wish there would be a spreadsheet where peopl can enter type of car would work or wouldnt work on thi unitupd 081313well i final call the tech support and see if anyth could be done to the link error issu that im have with my crv trick or updatesappar thi model ms300 ha been discontinu sinc 2007 the support person cant even find the support document on hi side sinc the support person wa a nice guy i didnt want to give him too much hard time so i ask hi opinion on a better model from autel"
"it wouldnt work for me which could of been a defect scanner the price wa good but i wa unabl to reset the ecu to extinguish the check engin light"
"if it were possibl i would give 0 star purcha thi unit to scan 2001 jaguar unit appar froze up the transmiss shift threw 2 code previous unknown check at autozon previou day code p1797 p1642 contact seller who immedi respond veri apologet i had told seller that the unit wa set up for sept 2008 andt hat a prior post state bewar of prior to 2011 edit also advi the sn wa ms50245 note that sn seller then inquir strang how i found out the date of the set upcod and the sn ask if possibl would i send pictur show detail dahhh it on the first screen line 6 though on show brieflysel offer 20 discount if i kept unit i declin offer went on autel uk websit no list for model ms509 their current model are in 780 rang howev they do have big notat for a disclaim referenc china copiesthen check out autel web site chinacardiagcom in the 5 review list one wa from a gentleman in brunei who report problem with thi same unit sn 50245 hmmm how did it get from brunei to texa must be that all china clone have same sn there is no softwar to updat you cannot download instruct to get a print out the cd suppli is on a copi of the oper booki wa veri concern about the effect unit ha had on my vehicl sinc it left the vehiclein restrict perform mode took it to autozon for code check today and read the code but the good news is the restrict perform code is gone return scanner to amazon today i can say is you might be take a big risk in use thi unitposit not receiv on time by fed ex commun from seller good"
"i normal do not like give one star rate but thi item deserv it for the follow reasonsupon receipt item did not have a batteri even though the box clear state it contain a ninevolt meter wa not in ani sort of wrapbag etc cabl look to have been reseal in the plastic bag the softwar would not recogn the unit when hook up though to usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 9112008 version 203 obvious thi is an older stock use unit refurbish and sent to mei had a centech i had taken back due to display problem to harbor freight that is the ident same thing as thi scanner it came in a small bubbl bag the lead look new and seal in the bag it had a new ninevolt the softwar recogn it when hook to the usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 72512 version 213 thi scanner function fine it just had a display problem therefor the take backold softwar a scanner that appear use repackag softwar not recogn it and no batteri thi experi ha cost me extra ship cost and wast my time tri to figur out just what piec of junk they sent mesinc i have had the experi of have one of these that did function i do know the differencei would clear avoid thi seller not reput"
"i use thi product about an hour ago the foam is much to soft and will not reach the area it should it doe not polish well at all grab your rag polish tin foil and a can of elbow grea do it by hand and you will be a lot happier"
"tri wheel polish befor mother powerb cotton buffer wheel mequir wheel restor kit and wa left all but appal with thi product went to appli pressur to buff some oxid out on to find out that a plastic rod is what hold the cone togeth i wa on abl to complet one wheel befor the product wa in three piec on the asphalt i do not recommend thi product"
"i bought thi caus it wa cheap and had good review but it ok at best i am ocd about wash my car the best spray wax is nxt howev couldnt find so gave thi a shotnxt is actual milki in color and textur leav a slipperi surfac behind thi stuff is clear and just scent water doesnt not leav a slipperi surfac behind no real shineif you want a good wax or spray wax look at meguiar nxt gener"
"i tri to get thi thing to work but could not the led light would never come on i follow the direct exact as state for my specif vehicl from the xpresskit web site but no go it just did not work so i sent it back to amazon"
"be veri care what model you choo thi for it said it wa compat with my car through amazon but the mechan found out it wa for most 2005 model but not all of them had to return it and wait for a flcan to arriv in the mail my recommend is to simpli plan ahead and buy the flcan a bit more money but a lot less hassl"
"thi is an idea whose time ha not arriv perhap if one ha a teeni tini vehicl then thi may work out first of all you have to purcha microfib towel per the instruct be sure to get lot of them you are instruct to do one panel at a time spray wipe and buff supposed you will save 80 120 gallon of water and elimin toxic runoff appar refer to the soapi water i have never use anywh near that much water to wash my car with eco touch i am left with a whole slew of microfib towel that would end up in a landfil becaus i dont know how to recycl dirti towelsi believ that eco touch ha a problem with truth in adverti i can see use thi for minor clean such a a deposit left by a bird or an insect meet it demi on my vehicl but to wash the entir car is best done with a bucket hose spong and chamoi cloth or take it to a car wash"
"i want a smaller diamet nut than what i have now but these are realli small i did not instal these on my rim i just didnt feel confid that these would keep my wheel on my car they probabl weigh about 12 of what i have on my rim now too much troubl to send them back ill keep them and show them to my mechan and get hi input on them for now i feel safer with what ive had on them for a coupl year now"
"see updat below origin 4 star revieworigin unless you are take your vehicl to the track and have a need to spend 60100 for a set of fanci lock lug nut these will suffic i have use these on sever vehicl without a hitch and they are a great buy for the money on reason for rate 4 star is that there is alway a littl play in use the lug adapt which make torqu the lug a littl bit more a painupd the last set of these i receiv had a dud lugnut in the batch that is that the thread wa either of a differ pitch or not thread proper fortun i caught it befor attempt to forc thread the nut on possibl ruin the stud as well when one lug would not rotat by hand onto the stud i tri it on sever other without avail instead of risk the strip of a stud i attempt to thread it on my spare wheel carrier suspect that the thread may have just had a bur on it where it requir i would estim in excess of 30lbft to rotat ani bit past 13 turn i am unsur if the qualiti control ha just gone down hill or whether thi wa an anomali but thi could mean bad news for someon who is less experienc with vehicl mainten or use improp procedur such as instal with an impact wrench"
"i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it may work better on older paint but i doubt it doe not even remov swirl i wa veri attent and appli for long time no differ at all doe nothingi do not recommend thi one"
"i bought thi product in remov fine surfac scratch from my black 2007 chevi cobalt the paint is still in great condit and on ha some minor surfac scratch from automat carwashesth first time i use meguiar ultim compound i use an orbit buffer the instruct are quit vagu and more or less state that all you have to do is rub the compound in a circular motion in a small area then buff away so i figur if that wa all you realli had to do an orbit buffer would be more than enoughwrongwhil ultim compound is excel at remov water spot and even dead bug and tar it is horribl at remov swirl mark and fine scratch i can use a simpl wax and get the same result as with thi ultim compoundth second time around i decid to tri the product on my victori red 2001 chevi blazer year of automat car wash have realli taken their toll on the paint but not so much that it had lost all of it shine instead of the buffer i use a 100 cotton terrycloth and some good ol elbow grea unfortun i got the same result as beforei can get the same result that thi product offer by use turtl wax ice and in a fraction of the timedo i recommend thi product nowil i buy thi product again probabl not"
"it wa on effect with super fine scratch with normal fine scratch the product wont make them disappear i tri to scrub fine scratch for hour but they were still there super fine scratch disappear anyway the product wont harm the clear coat so shini paint coat wa stay"
"i tri to wipe it off as in the instruct and the surfac wa cool it left larg black circl on hood didnt go away with regular wash went away with waterless foamtek on"
"regard the actual product for me i still need to find someth with a bit more abrasivecoar in a compound for my specif paint correct on a black twostag paint also i wasnt awar until i actual use and test an area when i workedin the product meguiar m105 mirrorglaz pro ultracut compound with my da pc polish that it actual 34seemed34 to polish to a shine w continu use i use an orang 2 hexlog foam cut pad which at first seem odd but it may be becaus my speed wa set at 6 in ani case the product didnt do what i expect for my need so i stop and determin i need a compound with a bit more abra and cutand although it seem to remov 75 of my problem of the fine swirl mark in my clearcoat it still left a hint of veri finelight scratch and swirl mark 34still34 emb on the topcoatnow regard deliveryi wa left 34hangin in the wind34 i wa serious wonder whi thi 1 specif amazon item that wa part of a total of 6 other amazon item and order at the same time wa ship seper but 2 day ahead 34but34 then on to arriv at my mailbox two day later then the rest of the other item what wa that about the problem isthi left me with the deliveri of the other item 534 velcro back plate the 8pc chemguy foam hexpad meguiar m205 polish misc microfib towel and a pair of shoe bday present for nephewbut couldnt actual use ani of those 34task specific34 item until i receiv thi item the meguiar m105 hench for my reason disregard and leav the 34unchecked34 option to 34not34 ship each item as it becam avail"
"i instal thi on my jeep xj instal wa straightforward it made my stock headlight quit a bit brighter unfortun right after the first 30 minut drive i wa stand in my driveway admir how nice and bright the headlight were when poof the low beam just shut off by themselv never to return i turn on the high beam and they still work for about a minut and then they shut off too it the relay pure junk good thing i wa not out on the highway to say im disappoint in thi product is a big understat on use it if you have a complet separ set of drive light that you can switch on when these random shut off your light thi is a real safeti issu"
"the idea of thi is fantast the direct are veri plain and not the well laid out the first step of instal is confus mayb thi is not the right model for my truck but per amazon 34check if it fits34 it is suppo to work i cannot get it to tighten right or even start the instal proper i went to youtub to find a video i watch and then tri the instal again still it wont work i plan on call them tomorrow to talk to custom servic we will see how that goe if they assist me with instal i will comeback and updat my review"
"i bought thi towel while look for a cheaper altern to my cobra and chemic guy dri towel the search goe on i have wash thi towel countless time and it still leav blue fiber all over my car it also isnt all that absorb"
"i actual order these after read a review by a woman who said she use them to wash the makeup off her face i thought these would hold up well and like the oval contour shape for thi sort of use i also thought these were well price for a packag of 6when they arriv howev they were not the oval one shown in the pictur and they did not come in a packag of 6 for thi reason i did not give them more than 2 star though i do think they are nice thick qualiti terri cover pad they are not what as shown in the ad pictur and i wa veri disappoint to find on 4 in the packag"
"after a consid wait of sever week i receiv my scan tool i read the instruct veri brief check for updat none avail and tri the tool on my 2008 4runnerth tool gave me a green emiss control system light no activ code and a cryptic secur system dtc that it could not clear i unplug the tool and start the car no cel everyth seem fine untili took it for a drive he next morn and after about 5 minut the cel and the vsc malfunct light illumin after return home i hook up the scan tool and it had log 20 malfunct code first time in 5 year thi vehicl had thrown a codei attempt to reset the code the scanner said they were era and when i rescan the code return after sever attempt i disconnect the tool and drove the car the cel wa off but i notic that sever dealer set secur system headlight seatbelt warn had all been remov and need to be reset i check the scan tool one last time and the 20 code remain along with a yellow emiss statu indicatorwel for 200 buck thi wa a total bust did more harm than good and went back to the seller"
"im not sure whi everi type of code reader is come down in price but offer softwar to load on your laptop to store compar print and submit to a group of mechan to analyz your datath reason i gave it three start and thought about two is the fact that thi code reader is connect to your car master comput but util the internet to download updat etc yet instead of use an open system oper system or creat a mac version which if there wa a mac os x version a mechan wouldnt have to lug around a laptop but could use an ipadplu i have use window and window server for 26 year and paid quarter subscript for norton symantec etc and still trojan hor would infect the server everi dealership ha a window server with wifi so they can connect easili to the site to upload or download data or updat softwar whi would these idiot at innova pay the cost of use a window oper system when they could jump to open system code or produc a mac app becaus im convinc these compani dont have a clue about comput they are mechan who know how to use a laptop big mistak and i cant wait until these car that are more and more depend on comput to do everyth but drive the car and monitor everyth to upload a viru to a vehicl they will be use their laptop have a subscript to the over price softwar and it just a matter of time six month window is junk and i refus to own one i creat a virtual window machin on my hard drive complet isol from everyth el but eventu the peopl who keep award thi compani five star realli need to move out of their monkey suit and realiz a late model car is noth but a big comput when somebodi die becaus the master comput is infect innova wont be around anymor"
"i have to unti the hook from the net everi singl time that i remov it from the seat it is not rigid like other brand"
"the hook are made of steel wire with plastic tube over the wire each hook is suppo to have a rubberlik cap over the end the cap are there to prevent the bare metal end from scratch your motorcycl or bicycl i saw at least one other review where the purcha superglu these tip on after lose one i order 2 and both arriv with at least one tip alreadi missingth were also more long loo end flail about than seem necessari sure i could have cut those shorter and melt the end to prevent fray but i should not have tomin also smell pretti bad but i assum that would dissip pretti quicklyth qualiti is just not veri good"
"thi unit wa dead on arriv i tri both the lighter and batteri connect with the car run no power of ani kind i read through the manual look for clue check all connect and tri everyth i know mayb it wa just the one that got through inspect while everyon wa asleep i cant even recommend if it would power the usb connect think ill tri a local store the amazon return polici wa great howev"
"as soon as i plug it in i heard a pop no output i guess tri anoth invert and probabl anoth cobra"
"i wa excit to receiv my jetseal 109 i wait until the time wa right and wash my truck start appli the jetseal 109 and found that it wa harder to appli than the old timey past wax got the hood windshield front bumper and mirror done and call it a day i dont know if ill get the ambit need to do the rest of my truck or not glad i didnt get the gallon on got a pint doesnt go veri far either later"
"thi is an okay product but it doe leav white mark if you miss a spot take it offit should cost less for what it is and that size bottl you get given that you can get virtual the same protect use a good qualiti synthet wax sealant in 2 coat such asmeguiar nxt gener tech wax 20 18ounc liquid for a lot less money the meguiar wax is a lot easier to take off and doe not leav white spec when it dri"
"yeah it say it but dont tri to tint anyth on your car or you will get pull over trust me"
"after clean all the wheel i appli thi to the front wheel of my 2012 audi s4 i did not appli to the other front wheel i drove the car for a week and observ the result both front wheel had the same amount of break dust on them i then wash both front wheel with the same clean product both requir the same level of effort to remov the bake on break dust i see no valu to thi product"
"did not make it look like paint wa wet i personali use magual i like the wet look from that"
"thi wax seem to shine my black car quit nice it goe on easi and also veri easi to take off with no powder or anythingit howev doe not seem to last veri long so im realli not sure it worth doubl the cost of a meguiar or mother waxi also dont like how chemic guy ha so mani differ wax they must have like 1015 differ wax it get confus to know what to buyi regret thi purcha"
"i order thi product after be blown away by it perform on the chemic guy youtub channel and the great review on amazon i have use silk shine along side one of chemic guy dizzi amount of clean product and exact as instruct both on the bottl and in the video and i have on achiev mediocr result at best i realli want to like chemic guy and i have some more of their product on the way to hope yield better result but im somewhat worri that their confusing larg product select an indic that result may vari"
"doe not work as adverti follow the instruct but wa not abl to get the headlight len on my 2009 rv"
"i read the direct fulli befor start the work follow them complet and i end up with a scratch len after use the sandpap i use plenti of liquid as well in case anyon think i put dri sand paper to a dri len i would definit not recommend use thi product"
"i use thi product on our motorhom head light the plastic lene had small scrath and a mild haze on the left len thi is an over price kit for what it wa supo to due the sand pad are so small and they did not make through the first len the sealer is on a small pad and their is not enough sealer on the pad to cover both of the lene so save your self some money and purchasean individu bottl of len cleaner a bottl of len sealer along with some 1000 and 1500 grit wet sand paper thi way youll have enough product to due your len for sever year"
"oki got itit doe notwork my wife 2005 chrysler had the same problem as all carsth headlight clear len wa foggi and oxid i use thi product as per instruct and it did not remov the scratch and the headlight do not look ani bettersav your money and go to mcdonald i dont know who wrote the good review but i can tell youit doe not clear up the len as they claim the headlight do not look new again and i realli cant tell ani differencedont believ metri it and you will ask for your money back just like i did"
"i follow the instruct word by word i took about an hour on each headlight use each scuff pad and lubric them well after i wa finish i could tell a differ the headlight look good but not great look back i dont think it wa worth my timeeffort it may work better for your vehicl it is not too expen so i guess it is worth a tri i have heard from numer peopl that the mother headlight len restor kit work well mayb ill give that a tri oh and ye i did use the sealant wipe to hope protect my hardwork which sad fail me"
"i am not sure what the problem is but i use toothpast at first and didnt notic a lot of differ on my 2009 camri len cover so i bought thi and i dont see ani differ"
"i follow the instruct to the letter and my headlight look the same as they did befor thi product did not work at all for me"
"my headlight werent as bad as some and thi stuff didnt do much to improv them i did the option sandpap step and the on thing it realli did wa remov some of the surfac rough and make them smooth it bare did anyth to make them more clear"
"i got these for my 2door wrangler jki have weathertech in the front but thought id save a few buck by get the rug ridg for behind the seat they dont settl in their spot well at all the weather tech fit like a glove up front and these thing are nowher near as goodi also got rug ridg for the cargo compart and wasnt veri impress with the placement of the outlin for the cutout hole they werent line up where they should bepay the extra buck for weathertech if you can"
"i put it on the first night and the band rip out of place i had to rig it up to get it to stay in place it bunch in the corner becaus there wa too much materi but it doe it job"
"i didnt expect much from thi cover consid the price but i wa surpri at how cheapli made thi cover is i broke two of the four strap that are use to secur the cover they just pull apart from the cover i do not recommend these cover sinc the fasten mechan are faulti"
"i bought thi for my 2008 jk jeep wrangler after the valv stem on the stock sensor corrod and develop a leak discount tire tri to sell me a deal to replac the old tpm and stem for 60 now i wish i would of done itthi sensor after instal shut off the tpm light befor i left the tire dealer park lot 34awesome34 i thought problem solvedwel in the week that ha follow the light come on and off intermiten with out ani real rime or reason hot or cold night or day ive had my preasur check numer time and it alway spot on usual it come on after i just start the car and will go out after a few minut but yesterday it came on and stay on all the way to work when i left the offic for lunch it wa offi too live in minnesota like anoth review and had concern about the sensor work correct in cold winter if it wont work right in 70 degr summer fall it not go to get ani better worst part is im out the instal fee and what do i do buy anoth one im go to the dealer which i should of done the first time lesson learn"
"well i order a few of these to replac some from odd enough meguiar theyr made in china of cour well long stori short great towel but the edg materi came apart at the first use we hadnt even launder these yet just be readi to return em for replac theyr glad to help as they want you to co e back"
"i have to agr with anoth review that thi cloth is almost ident to those you find in walmart it is thin thin thin and not at all worth the price thi is a surpri from mother as i use a lot of their product and typic their qualiti is excel"
"made a mistak it the detail version i want as they are the veri best these are just okget the detail one by mother and use these for petti job and the detail one for real wax"
"great while it last but doesnt last long at all fall apart after a coupl month of week use guess i will tri a microfib mitt"
"i couldnt even get my finger in i normal wear larg so i order xl and cant even get my finger half way in i have the raider full motorcycl glove and they as well as these are a good deal when they fiti just wish they were honest about the size and quit wast buyer time it a crap shoot get a pair to fit"
"i order an xl pair of these glove howev they bare fit my wife hand and she is all of 5234 and ha small handsth packag and the glove were clear label xl poor qualiti control at the manufactur plant somewh the qualiti of the product itself seem to be adequ but unfortun i could not even tri them on"
"i order these glove becaus it seem like a good deal for the price problem is i cant even get them on my hand they are too small and i cant even return them for a larger pair say xl or xxl becaus appar they on come in larg so i end up keep them and i still dont have a warm pair of glove to use when i want to ride my bike and it is cold they did seem like a decent glove but i cant rate them on use or perform sinc i cant get my hand in them"
"leather tear and stitch come out on both glove in the innerf areassend them back for refund would not recommend you purcha them"
"the instruct preclud use thi as a chock when hitch or unhitch so what is the point what a wast of money"
"while they are what they claim to be you can go to your nearest hardwar store and buy mch longer nail and a few washer for a lot less money"
"bend too easi went to walmart and bought heavi duti tent stake"
"if you have an electr drill or impact thi will probabl work well for you i have a craftsman 20v bolt on drill and impact fit drill chuck no problem and crank down land gear is easi crank it up on the other hand is too much for the drill and the 14 drive on impact wont fit the shaft on the socket no one make an adaptor to fit thi shaft so it a wast of money especi if you have a 3434 socket in your tool box"
"realli disappoint a wast of money for me i have a 28 5ver and all thi damn thing did is put a lot of stress on my rv tire that it wa on and never got the other tire off the ground do not buy thi product go back to the old reliabl way with a jack"
"i order the trailer aid plu which is taller than the standard trailer aid i tri it on my 2007 forest river 5th wheel in the driveway and it would not bring the other wheel off the ground i ad a heavi 2 x 6 to the bottom of it and it now just bare lift the wheel enough to chang i dont trust it to be enough in an emerg when i origin use thi it just slid along the concret and the wheel didnt roll on to it i wast my money and it tore itself up enough that i couldnt return it"
"i bought the digit tire pressur gaug for a truck that take 80 psi for it tire i found on a recent trip that the tire pressur monitor in the tire were provid a veri differ read from the accutir pressur gaug a differ of 8 psi i found a love truck stop where they sold a high qualiti tire pressur gaug and it confirm that the tire monitor were accur and that the accutir pressur gaug wa way off with it readingshad i continu to reli on the accutir pressur gaug i would have risk a blowout and certain would have had uneven tire wear and in either case the end result would have been expen i recommend that befor trust an accutir pressur gaug that you compar it to anoth qualiti gaug not the one at the ga station and see if they agr the truck stop tire gaug is now in the truck and the accutir pressur gaug is at the local dump"
"a good tire gaug is easi to line up at the correct angl to the valv stem you can line it up visual befor you press it on you lose veri littl air while check the pressur if the pressur wa alreadi correct you do not have to add back 12 psi that you lost with the gaugeth nose of a good tire gaug is offset at about 45 degr so you can use it without difficulti on bicycl tire or in other special situationsthi michelin mn4357b is none of the abov the offset is 10 degr and hard to visual on thi curvi objet dart the seal is quit sensit to misalign most peopl will have a hard time with thi youll get a tight seal through trial and error while air leak out of the tire for a few second it quit a hassl with bike tiresspok interf with your grip of the gaug see picsth beauti formfit zipper case should be immedi thrown away whi becaus it sometim hold the flashlight button down drain the batteri while it be storedi can enter your car target tire pressur front and back and it display below the pressur read use if you on have one car otherwi ill conceivedon thing thi gaug would be realli good for a design school case studi beauti and clever featur count for noth when realworld basic are ignor altern accutir ms4021b digit tire gaugeviair 90052 digit tire pressur gaug comment question welcom"
"have on use standard dialtyp mechan tire pressur gaug for my car motorcycl and bicycl over the year i wa curiou to tri out thi michelin digit tire pressur gaugelikesinclud two cr2032 batteri and carri casebuilt in led light next to the schrader automot type nozzleprogramm front and rear tire pressur could be use for relativesfriend borrow one vehicledislikesif the batteri is low or drain tire pressur cant be measuredcumbersom bare angl nozzl is difficult to line up perfect with the tire valv stem even more problemat with valv that are close to the wheelsspok that mean lot of air leakag prior to get a readingi it realli necessari to have the programm tire pressur featur for our person vehicl motorcycl and bicycl how hard is it to memor a few psi what if we use the digit gaug on more than one vehicledoesnt have a relief valv to lower tire psi when pressur is slight highwhen place in a move vehicl glovestorag compart the hard nylon carri case may inadvert press the power button on the side of the gaug and drain the batteryoveralltir gaug are critic for maintain proper pressur safeti and optim mpg for vehicl even more so for lower volum high pressur tire on motorcycl and bicycl i will continu to use time test and reliabl mechan tire gaug such asaccugag dial tire gaug with hose rra60xrath than reli on digit tire pressur gaug"
"i obtain thi product from vine as other review have point out the main function on thi michelin product leav a lot to be desir it is difficult to seat onto the tire valv stem lack in thi key point of ea of use the case is also a pain to open sinc it need to be unzip near all the way around in order to remov the tire gaug for use otherwi it is decent qualiti over make and digit readoutfor anoth vehicl in our household we have the accutir ms4355gb programm tire gaug which is a better choic although more expen the accutir is veri easi to seat onto the valv stem ha given consist perform and held up for the last 9 month"
"thi look realli great but look can be deceivingth part that actual connect to the tire air valv is flatwhich made it unpredict for me as to whether i would get it right the first time and of cour if it isnt just right it let air out of the tire half the time i would hit it just right and it would work great howev i dont want to spend a lot of time mess with my tire so have to mess with just get the connect to the pressur gaug is annoy at bestactu someon who use it a lot might like it a lot more sinc they could figur out how to depend use it i use a pressur gaug onc a month to check my tiresthi gaug ha a realli nice shape good surfac feel and veri clear screen the light would be use in some dim light situat the case is handi but not realli that impress or use i check it against a coupl of other gaug not as cool look but depend all three agr with each other so appar accuraci is not a problemth program let you input the pressur you want for the front and back tire so you dont have to keep open the driver door to check howev sinc it on doe it for one car it isnt a lot of help if you have more than one car and they have differ air pressur requirementsbtw whether you use thi or anoth gaug it is well worth the cost your tire last longer and are safer to use when they are inflat proper"
"i have use thi product in 3 vehicl 2 lawn mower 1 grass trimmer 1 snowblow and a partridg in a pear tree i havent notic ani benefit in use thi product whatsoev for fuel storag i would recommend stabil 360"
"i havent had thi batteri long and i havent use it that much but it alreadi leak so much for seal other than that it doe seem to handl charg and discharg well though i question for how long given the way it leak i do like the termin and the way theyr color code red and black"
"sinc i like chemic guy i bought the gallon size of thi right off the bat when i got it i dilut it 2 part to 1 with water like it say to prevent streak when i use thi i continu got black streak mark on my paint and made my car look more dirti then befor then i tri it without water and it wa the same i use the chemic guy spray bottl my paint wa not hot and i even spray it on a towel and then wipe and still got bad resid not sure if it the wax but it took me 20 minut to remov the black crap off with meguiar ultim detail brand new dark blue car right after i spray thi it turn black and streak it doe smell good but that is about it im realli disappoint in chemic guy i end up return the jug so i could get my 27 buck back thank amazon is realli good about return i honest hope thi is just me or a bad batch becaus i hate to give bad review to good compani over i think i will buy the smaller size product from now on to test them first"
"dont buy not worth it to epen did gave it a tri but i had to remov it whith my regular bodi shine thank you"
"these neither fit my smallest cabinet in my rv nor do they fit well within their telescop tube kind of wobbl i am not sure what to do with them at thi point except mayb the trash"
"save your money these thing are worthless they are veri weak and flimsi and do noth to secur anyth i would not buy again"
"meant to be use with a drill instead of a buffer it didnt state thi in the descript and i wa hope for the best decent pad for the money the pad are a littl low on qualiti compar to some other brand i would have had to pay for the return ship so i just kept the kit"
"got some black wheel for my 99 lexu gs400 and want to have the weight blend in these look great powder coat for durabl and even the adh is blacki wa stoke to have these but onc appli i say the error of my way the adh is not good at all the guy at the shop couldnt get these to stay on my wheel through balanc even after thourough clean the surfac befor handif the adh wa good thi would easili be 5 star unfortun thi is not the case here"
"these seem like a nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the ceil vent by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the vent boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the vent but it pull off the shini chrome cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be a sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the ceil if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy the vent shade pillow style camco 45192 rv sunshield vent insul instead dont use the includ velcro tab just stuff them up in the vent and theyll stay"
"whi sell a product that the buyer ha to purcha better velcro to make it stick thi is absolut ridicul it would be an easi fix for the manufactur to listen to the custom complaint about thi product and requir better velcro glue"
"thi the same as the door cover the velcro strip could be better we bought thi and the door cover the strip melt when it get hot we went and got differ strip and work good but they tear easi"
"the adh to these is horribl i use them for room darken in our rv when camp and i wa constant have to put the back up becaus the adh doe not stick well for room darken howev they are great"
"i have use these in my vent for year on differ rv and they alway stay in place nice and flush in vent they realli insul the heat from that vent area and work nice for pillow at a ball game to sit on not with ad plastic insul they now addedi thought they were great but they have recent ad anoth section to it and now it sit all crunch up and not veri attract in vent not a good fit at all it stay in place and i assum will work do what it intend for but look terribl like i stuf an over pillow in the vent i usual dont send product back but thi wa not worth it i have a nice motorhom dont need it look bad from the ceil vent amazon refund me in full i love amazon it my favorit place to shop and do a lotupd 62313i did find in walmart the origin design that work great that is similar to thi but without the ad plasic walmart ha the great fit old style for like 900 in rv section in autopart i have not seen amazon carri thi old style the older style fit and stay great"
"i have a 2004 yellowston sport rv thi doe not fit the insid space of the vent the vent crank get in the way even when i remov the crank and use the sticki tape that come with it it just fall off a good idea but a bad design dont know what might make it work proper"
"i purcha these water filter to lessen the likelihood of water spot after wash my vehicl as suggest in sever onlin forum unfortun we have veri hard water here in the northeast and it did not resolv the issu with spot"
"thi doesnt fit my outsid filter for my rv the filter just kinda rest on it total wast of money"
"one of these under my bottom step aint get it i am go to buy anoth one and put them on each end one on keep move around well made good qualiti unit"
"i bought two of these to help support the step on my travel trailer i instal them secur at the rear of the bottom of the step my wife step off on the step from the camper and the step collap into themselv and the brace flip up caus injuri to her shin and leg it could have been much wor had her leg fallen between the two step and the step collap on her possibl caus her leg to be sever i am veri disappoint in the size of the top and bottom they are on about 4 inch squar these are veri flimsili construct"
"talk about a letdown and a rip off i paid almost 15 for what i thought would be two unit as the product pictur show on to take deliveri of the compon and find that you on get one of themseri i could have bought a 17 pair of black jackstand at bigboxcarpart and done the same thing i most assured would not have spent the equiv of 30 for what would be a pair of screw jack standssav your money and consid anoth solut they are solid they are ok they are noth but screwhead jack standsand there no they to it you are buy one unit ad detail after tri to use thi a coupl of time i also have to mention that the lower footer is about 3 x 3inch and the upper head of the jack also ha a head of about 3 x 3 inchesthi doesnt work realli well with some stepslik mine my step are steel with a reinforc ridg in the middl run later across the bottom of the step as a result you cant nest the head beneath your step treadplat it on precari sit on the edg of the step as a result there not a lot of brace from use thi at all ye i could put a piec of pine shelv beneath the step and screw the jack into it not good if you dont want your step to rust apartbut you cant take that upper plate off and the screw head is not removableso in the end thi is the oddest whiteeleph ive ever boughtcant get it to work whatsoev got a pair of aluminium spinner jack for load up to 1000 pound that work much better than thi thingunfortun i cant even use it to stabil the rear of the rvthere is on one of themand it isnt rate anywh near high enough to do someth like that with"
"the idea is good but thi is not stabl under my step each time up or down the step it move and there no way to hold it in place i went back to my nail togeth stack of 2x8 it might work in sand though pegleg"
"it is a wast of money for the intend purpo got rip purcha thi it might be a great product for some other purpo but not a saveastep brace it is made ok if i could find anoth purpo for it"
"i tri instal thi but found that the stair on my trailer have a support bar through the middl and there is not a good place to instal it i should have read the review and would not have even order it i will wait until i get home to my shop and make some modif so i can use it"
"cant use thi becaus the step on my camper is close to the ground and the adjust isnt short enough to work on level ground mayb it would be great on uneven ground but what camp ground is that uneven how about a shorter one"
"work somewhat but the clip that hold the brace up broke off a littl qualiti control would go a long way"
"the helmet is a larg howev the unit is run small size it set too high on my head i could use a extralarg size"
"you could find someth suitabl at mani retail i thought it would be a heavier it like that stuff you use to keep thing from slide in your droor oh yeah and it drive me nut in the wind slap the roof"
"if thi kit wa of better qualiti it would be a nice way for one person to bleed brake howev thi kit is sore lack in the qualiti dept first the plastic hose is pack in the box with kink in it so even after tri to relax the kink they collap with suction is appli the adapt are a one time applic onc i seat the adapt to the first brake bleeder valv which work well it wa all over the follow bleeder valv wouldnt seat as the adapt wa not pliabl enough to reseat do yourself a favor and buy a set of speed bleedersand leav thi kit alon"
"first off the pictur look like metalbut it plastic thi wouldnt be too bad if the rest of the kit wasnt so poor the suction pump is okaythough tiresom but the jar is too small the hose is chintzi and the fit leak like crazi regardless of how much you pump you will alway see aireven if there isnt ani in your brake line thi can make it veri difficult to tell if youv actual bled the line or notperhap thi would work better for a motorcycl"
"it didnt work so well a gasket wa leek they send me a complet rebuilt part part fast and free but still i had to have the purg done at the garag at the end"
"the pump seem to work fine the flaw ari in the leaki reservoir and fit the on way for a vacuum pump to realli work is to be abl to creat a seal thi thing leak not on from the poor design reservoir but from everi tube connect pointi end up go with the motiv pump for my audi a4 instead it cost more but it actual usabl"
"the one i receiv broke on the first torqu adjust went from base to 20 ft lb and it made a grind sound then lock up got it to move backward tri again no luck immedi sent back as defect"
"i use them for land gear support and at the back support for my 38 5th wheel trailer along with the cap piec by the same compani some of the one under the land gear crack immedi when weight wa appli i wa shock as for the one in the rear of the trailer i use four of these with a cap piec there is simpli to much give in them not stabl at all i took them out and use concret block i give them two star becaus of the handi bag they come in i would not recommend thi product"
"i spray paint a lot of thing car bike jetski plastic fabric and stuff around the hous thi prep spray might work if there is on light grea and certain type of wax but doe not work all the time on all surfac i would say it work about 30 of the time the rest of the time requir more inten clean scrub sand or even sandblast if the surfac you are paint ha been wax or contamin with oil thi prep spray will probabl not do the job i realli expect more from a dupliccolor product meant to clean surfac befor paint"
"work ok but no better than dawn dish soap or mani other spray cleaner that are less expen save your money"
"the towel are veri nice and soft on problem is that these are more for wash than wipe thing high recommend wash them befor use the feather of the towel will come off and it get kinda of annoy to see feather on my car or fli around me these do soak up a lot of water and get the job done but not the towel i wa look for2 star becaus it a great buy but if your look for microfib towel that drieswash like i wa stay away from these"
"thi is the worst piec of crap ever i wa alway warn about buy the gimmick on tv it didnt do what it state it would do i did better clean my window with window cleaner and a regular microfib cloth thi wa a wast of my money and time buy thi piec of crap"
"thi product is a wonder idea and work like a charm one problem i notic ear wa that the head did not attach firm to the exten handl i do not know whi the handl is remov the whole point of thi product is to reach hard to get to area on windshield without strain as a result the head would make a loud snap sound from time to time while in use and would sometim even fall off final one day while use it the plastic handl split in two and broke the result of thi product are wonder the window in my car had never been cleaner but the product is of horribl qualiti there are other more qualiti option out there"
"while thi product doe make it easier to get to some of the hard to reach place of the insid of a windshield the cloth is too thin and over to small to effect clean"
"wa expect someth a littl more substanti the tool is rather small and difficult to hold and use with ani forc to break a windshield the cutter is use but is basic a straight blade held in the plastic two part handleth entir tool is about the size of a util knife and basic construct like one on out of thin plastic instead of metalit is compact and therefor somewhat use in an extrem emerg but i wouldnt reli on it as my first choic if a larger sturdier version made by a competitor wa handyspend the extra money and buy the better one if you are a corner worker or need thi for other than a onc in a million chanc need"
"razor is sharp and can cut thru the seatbelt howev after watch some video on youtub that show thi fail to break i decid to head out to the junkyard and find an old window that wouldnt be miss glass may eventu break if struck hard enough in the right spot but i wasnt abl to break the window and believ me it wasnt for lack of tryingdef consid purchash a more reput item like the resq me or a knife will a harden carbid tip as thi just doesnt seem to do the job"
"griot ha numer product for which they realli ought to be laud and recommendeda a profess auto detail who ha spent and therefor blown thousand of dollar test product i simpli cannot do withoutgriot garag 11104 interior cleaner 35 ozgriot garag 11040sp leather care spray 8 oz or and especi theirgriot garag 11173sp vinyl and rubber dress 8 oz which is hand down the most superior product on the market for dress and protect one interior vinyl rubber and plastic compon i have purpo link the smallest lowest cost product offer for you to test for yourselfthat be said griot undercarriag spray is well it garbag realli and garbag is not a word i use light as a pro detailer1 it will in fact recolor one undercarriag and wheel well for about as long as it take to drive through a hard rain and all the water left on the road from such a soaking2 it smell aw of petrochem do not use thi product in your garag or ani sort of confin space you will get the mother of all headaches3 holi mose is thi stuff expen for what it is and what it doe which is true of a lot of griot stuff i need not say thi to most peopl but just in case buy the product not the hype behind it further trust the review of those that are probabl to know betterth truth is thi ani spray tire dress will work as well and like better as griot under carriag spray for recondit one wheel well which is what most peopl buy thi product forher a free tip most tire dress are siliconeba and are therefor veri heavi when squeez the trigger give your wrist a fair quick flick in the direct you are spray to minim run of the productajbestautodetailcom"
"to the extent i use it thi wax produc result that are no better than you can get from mani other product i never did do my whole car with it becaus appli accord to instruct use the griot random orbit machin thi wax wa ridicul difficult to remov after some experi with applic techniqu i decid there wa no point in hassl with it and went back to my meguiar to add injuri to insult best in show wax is a nonreturn product now ive got most of a 20 bottl sit useless in my basement thi may be my first 1star review but at such a price it got to be the worst valu in car wax ive ever encount"
"on the plu side thi come in nice packag doesnt includ the sprayer and smell niceunfortun it is carnaubaba and doesnt last at all think mayb one or two car wash or a month max of cour there are some pasteliquid carnauba wax that on last a month but there are some that will last sever month my point is that there are better polymerba sprayon or quickdetail product out therethi cannot take the place of a proper wax but it is conveni in that you can spray it on while dri your car and add a littl bit of protect until you can use a proper waxa far as spray on product there are better product out there if time is what your tri to save these includ a rang of product from ultima paint guard plu a wipeon walkaway paint sealant to finish kare 425 a sprayonquickdetailerin the end it is ok but then i knock off a star becaus it ha a pretti bad tendenc to streak which take extra effort and towel to buff off"
"not sure thi work so great i just tri use it to remov scad of bug on the veri low grill on the front of my scion fr i read the simpl instruct multipl time just to get it right but i have to say that veri littl junk wa remov some wa but not much i even tri a roughsurfac pot scrubber in spot but that didnt get much off either i wa abl to clean up a few veri small smudg spot here and there around the vehicl that wa nice over i wont use it again"
"1 make sure your surfac is as clean as possible2 clean these pad as often as possibl while use them i use compress air and a pad brushth pad do not like to get dirti and they do not like to overheat ive had sever pad liter go 34poof34 on my griot da polish the center just disintegr and foam goe everywh sinc switch to lake countri pad and have found they are much more durabl and more versatileth are a good beginn pad but onc you figur out how the whole da polish thing work upgrad to better pad"
"doe a good job howev i probabl will not buy age smell is nauseat doe not last too long did bring back the black and look ok dirt stuck to well after 1 light applic and let dri"
"at fist i thought thi pad wa first rate but the second time i use it the hook and loop line separ from the pad im go to tri and glue it back on but im not convinc it will workupd i use thi pad a third time and notic that the hook and loop piec had shrunk substanti on the back of the pad make the pad much smaller as mention befor the hook and loop separ from the pad and i tri to glue it back it last for about 30 min and then i had to throw it away in my opinion not a good invest at all i do not recommend thi product im go to tri chemic guy next"
"initi i wa happi with thi product it look sturdi and look like it made of high qualiti foam i have been pretti happi with the rest of the griot except for their machin polishesyesterday i decid to use thi thing for my fender use the griot 3 inch random orbit first 15 min of usag the hook and loop separ and the pad flew leav me with a mar paint due to back plate smack onto my fender in comparison i had bought some harbor freight pad and after sever use still work great thank griot for make a 5 pad ruin my car and now it go to cost me a few thousand dollar to fix my paint"
"i bought thi think it wa the wash product wa go to return it but did not i use it but it doe not seem to shine ani better than a duster or clean towel"
"my result use thi wa not veri good it tend to leav light dri wax residu streak that you cannot set while dri the car and on notic later thi will promot you to wipe them off which subsequ can leav more swirl on your cari think you are better off not use thi and just wax your car normal a littl more often"
"someon el here also had the same comment it noisi veri annoying so and skip and bounc leav trail of water a real time waster glad to hear it work for some but didnt for me problem might be too much flexibl too soft and the t part of the blade itself my compari detail choic no noi straight blade no water trail a veri fast blade"
"sorri if you cant get an origin oldstock superdeep california water blade for 30 from someon sell old stock merchandi just give up and go back to oldfashion chamoi or towel the blade on thi newstyl notso 34original34 one is way too stiff and just doe not work that wellth current style california blade are not as good as the older one we have also tri numer knockoff style silicon wiper but none or them either have the deep high flexibl blade of the oldstyl origin california water baldswhi california water blade chang their great origin design is beyond our comprehen"
"i want to like thi but all it did wa squeak and bounc across the glass and the car surfac leav the water behind it wa useless"
"ye it will work but it is realli difficult to get it on the fin becaus it is wide and the other straighten on the wheel interf with your abil to get close to the edg ive seen some that are straight with one size per rod a friend purcha that one and it is much more useabl i also found that the cheap plastic is so flimsi that some of the blade are not even space and thi will caus it to press the fin apart unevenlywil it work ye is there a better choic definit"
"i can see how thi might work good on big pitch window ac unit and the like but i tri to use it on a 22 pitch 5 ton 14 seer modern unit and it is basic useless that tight of a pitch caus real problem with the plastic materi success mate with the fin and the plastic got damag right away then on top of that even when use soapi water or lube to tri to ea movement it wouldnt effect spread the fin it might be a good product for some use but for tight pitch modern larg system it a wast of money"
"i have a check engin light on code p0420 i believ on my chevi truck i tri it but it didnt work what ha happen is my convert ha broken up into piec so noth you dump into the fuel is go to fix that issu now my problem is that i cant buy a replac cat for my 2003 chevi silverado with a 53l engin that california legal other then the whole pipe and both convert from the dealer even though if i wa in ani other state i could buy a convert for like 90 so i guess ill just pollut for anoth year until either one get certifi or i have to fork out 800so thi stuff wont work if your convert is broken up your just wast your money"
"im go to call as i see it and it did not work for me at all i did not think it could realli do what it claim to do and i wa optimist hope it could make a differ but it did not help at alli use as direct and had no check engin light on but when i fill up after use thi product my check engin light came on on the way home from the station i wa hope it need more time to work but it keep come back on thi did not help at all 30 wast"
"origin i wa satisfi with thi purcha becaus they were decent price and bright but alreadi after a short 3 week one of the bulb ha burnt out when i instal them i wore glove and wa still care not to touch the bulb as best as i could so i dont think it wa caus by an error dure instal mayb i just receiv a faulti bulb but either way i will not be order from thi brand again and i wouldnt recommend thi product"
"thi truli is an absolut abysm product the black brush broke within two minut of veri light usag befor it broke the bristl kept fall out make my attempt at detail redund as i had to go back and individu remov these bristl one by one sinc they fell out and flew all over the place on top of that the bristl seem to be dy black i say thi becaus the second they came in contact with a veri light deterg the color transfer to the surfac i wa work on and wa difficult to clean off then the entir brush fell apart see my upload photo the vent tool is worthless no dirt would stick to it all it did wa smear the dirt around and then the white brush it too light to do anyth product with it like tri to detail with someon poni tail it just floppi and serv no real purposei resort back to use the free toothbrush i got from a hotel and qtip they are better made and leav a car look better than thi product just total garbag"
"not too impress with thi set too pricey for what you getref to the pictur of thi itembrush on the left the brush will not realli clean your vent wellunless you were tri to scrub off dri snot or a bug that manag to get in the vent uselessbrush in the middl nylon hair on thi brush is a bit stiff and too short not realli sure what you can dust or clean well in you car interiorbrush on the right best and most use in packag as you can dust out all crevic ventsknob etc with thi brushunfortun the hair fell off rather easili on some light dustingid recommend buy some cheap paint brush art brush from a dollar store to do the same job"
"i thought id tri these for a few dollar the first one came apart while i use it on my first truck the tire were pretti big and not that smooth but i expect a littl higher qualiti than that the second one last a coupl of vehicl befor it also fell apart i end up spend a littl more money to get one that last i think the glue is pretti weak and should be stronger"
"use a new tire glaze with these applic the black color from the spong bleed onto my hand shape and size of the applic requir two swipe to cover the width of the tire just poor design over i would not purcha these again"
"ive been detail and clean my vehicl for the past 15 year so im rather particular about what i use and how i clean the vehicl which is whi i use thi on a friend vehicl with their permiss who doesnt particular care about how it look first of all you should never use ani product like thi on a dirti vehicl without wash it first otherwi you are simpli rub dirt direct into the paint and you will have swirl mark especi if you have a dark color vehicl the vehicl should ideali be wash with pressur washer to remov largeloo dirt or reput touchless wash if not avail and then with a wash mit and bucket with grit guard use car wash soap if it in the kitchen dont use it car wash soap on pleaseonc you have a 99 clean vehicl you may then proceed to use the lucki earth detail kit you can use thi to clean up ani spot you may have miss on the paint wheel or even glass if you feel like it for thi the product got the job done but then again so doe plain old h2o with a microfib towel perhap if you dont have clean water avail thi would work but then again how did you wash the vehicl in the first placecompar to the normal detail product i have and current do use such as meguiar and zaino well there is no comparison these product do a far better job as clean ad shine protect and even help cover up swirlsth tire kit provid a matt finish ie not shini im not realli sure if ad ani protect sinc it look and feel the same as it did after it wa wash with soap and water but it did pick up more dirt onc again it a tire watertowel would do the same thing we wont bother compar thi to anyth elsethen you have to consid the cost thi is somewhat pricey for a detail kit but i suppo that the price you pay for earthfriend productspro earthfriend veri nice towel remov water spot like youv never seen befor did i mention the soft microfib towelscon expen potenti cost and harm wash direct nonearth friend product do much betterover i like tree too but the lucki earth product on clean stuff slight better than water and not how they claim it should there is no way you are ditch tradit wash method for a spray bottl on a dirti vehiclemi suggest if you need a detail kit buy well known product such as meguiar and use them on car on not tree they are definit carfriend"
"befor use thi when bath my two miniatur schnauzer i read the other review i wa surpri to see that there were two distinct camp the 34best thing sinc slice bread34 group and the 34worthless34 group i have to say that i vote with the worthless groupfirst off what doe one compar these two towel rough the same size would be tea towel and hand towel ok these are definit better than tea towel hand towel hard to say i dont use hand towel i use old bath towel and there is no comparison bath towel win everi time second the pocket for one hand seem like a good idea but in fact is limit the towel materi in between the two end doesnt get use unless you are do a shoeshinetyp motion from one end to anoth which certain doesnt work for my dog or ani dog with hair for that matter even use them to wipe down a dog leg or underbelli is more difficult than with a hand tow didnt give them one star becaus they arent complet useless and some peopl may find use for them i wont be use them again for my dog nor do i recommend them"
"pretti bad when use with a da mine had a big tear even befor im done with my 1st car accord to meguiar they dont recommend thi pad with meguiar da g110v2"
"while it stay togeth it made quick work of some paint oxid when combin with meguiar run compound and a meguiar buffer but it liter fell apart befor i wa even half way done with the job the buffer unit get hot and melt the glue that hold the velcro to the pad and then the whole thing just start to disintegr i wouldnt buy thi set up again"
"bought thi caus of the name it doe not smell good at all i use it onc and have not use it again mayb it just my prefer but i did not like it"
"dont buy thi wor smell ever now i cant stand the smell in my truck now im stuck with it"
"i am a huge chemic guy fan i use and still use their blacklight wax and the jetseal 109i also have their new car scent which i am run low on so i decid to tri thi one out first it smell veri similar to the new car scent but the scent doe not last long at alli liter believ the leather scent stay in the car for a coupl of hour and that it the new car scent doesnt last long either but it last for at least a day mayb twowhil the scent is good it not worth it becaus you have to go through so much product"
"i bought 2 pair of these 1 bulb is doa too much hassl to return so i went ahead and bought anoth pairfor the price eh i cant realli complain"
"ug heavi uncomfort and hot there is realli noth good to say about thi jacket save your money and order someth el"
"left auto window streak had to realli wipe on it i wa surpri use other product from griot and they were greatwil not buy again"
"these are okay except the fact that they have a sewn in soft paper label there is a tear off perfor to tear the label off but some bit of paper still remain attach to the towel so thi is an area you have to be care of and avoid have it contact your paint make the towel a bit less use and niceget these instead better and they are even edgelessdetail master pro 16 x 16 eagl edgeless blue profess microfib detail towel pack of 5"
"thi pump is veri slow pump small amount per shot the hose kept come off and i had to purcha a hose clamp to finish my transfer thi product is not for anyon who doe not have a lot of timeit doe pump tranni grea just fine but with a great deal of effort my machin took three quart and it took me more than a half hour to pump that much"
"i did not like thi product other user i spoke to like it i found it difficult to clip togeth even when look in a mirror i would rate thi as a no star do not buy"
"latch wa veri stiff and hard to make the connect when you cant see what you are do under your chin got it misalign onc and couldnt unlatch it also pinch a brui on my neck onc when my skin got caught between the part remov it an replac it with the raider quick disconnect which work great buy the raider instead of thi one you will be happier"
"i will be purcha anoth type of helmet quick relea after have thi echo quick relea for a few week nowfor starter i just don8217t like the design the metal clip get lodg in sideway when tri to secur the two end of the unit togeth then it becom a two hand and sometim two man project to get your helmet off the design is simpli too skinni for me to blind 8220thread the needle8221 if you will and get the clip securedsorri but i do not recommend thi product"
"the led die on thi item but it still charg i will investig the warranti and get back here purcha thru amazon fulfil by hrpworldcom"
"defect as other state first the batteri fit veri tight but they fit second hazard insert batteri turn switch on and the fan work not much air but figur ani air movement in a fridg work howev becaus of the comment that the batteri got hot i put the unit on a cement floor with the switch off return in about 20 minut and could not hold the batteri so hot that the outer batteri skin wa blister dont know if the plastic could get hot enough to start a fire but the batteri could get hot enough to leak all over your refrig heed other advic don not buy thi item of cour amazon accept return no question ask"
"first one i order came right out of the box with the fan torn off and rattl around in the seal cage i could see it wa broken befor i even open the packag bought it from amazon so wa abl to exchang it for anoth one veri fast deliveri return made simpl for sure the next one wa just as the other review describ veri difficult to instal the batteri but with enough pressur i can instal anyth i push so hard to get the batteri into the thing that i drove the fan support plate up underneath the fan and had to use a thin screw diver to push it back down the fan doe work though i guess if the batteri ever die i will need to throw the thing away caus there is no chanc that they are come back out without crack the hous"
"i spray thi on a car part without do ani prior clean with a disk pad i havent notic anyth chang"
"despit the item descript not compat with 2009 dodg suv which have canbu autolight the har did plug right into two differ brand of hid kit but did not stop the flicker at all"
"the end are too larg around to fit into the storag area which mean now i have a stinki sewer hose in a garbag bag not good thi is basic stuff sewer storag diamet is pretti much standard in all newer rv less than 15 yr old so it it not rocket scienc to make sure the hose and it perman attach fit fit into that area"
"i purcha thi rhinoflex 5 sewer hose extensinon kit with coupler and it wa noth but a big problem while on my month long trip i never could get the coupler connect so had to hold them to the end of the hose when dump my motor home i end up not even use the connector to the dump but just feed my hose down in the hole i had to do thi as the other coupler came lose and had to hold it on the motor home outlet so my wast wouldnt spill all over the place some guy email me and told me it took him forti minut to figur out how to connect the coupler but it wa a peac of cake after that i have had it and will not even tri to do thi i am think of return it but i threw away the box and it is too much troubl i do not see how they would sell such a product know the coupler are so hard to connect if in fact you can connect them"
"it work but the fit wont fit insid my 434 squar bumper the valterra brand doe fit so there pegleg"
"thi rhino hose cant stand uv light in direct sunlight if you leav one attach to the rv it come apart in just a few month mine came complet apart in sever locat and had to mani pin hole to count the cheap hose i replac thi one with from walmart ha been out in the same light in the same locat for over a year and a half and still look like new while the rhino wa in the dumpster in one third of that time"
"as long as your stuff flow down hill thi will work fine i bought thi about 4 month ago and have use it quit heavili in that time until thi weekend it work great but i now see it ha limit the sewer connect i use thi weekend wa actual slight higher than the outlet of my travel trailer i have a veri lowprofil trailer as a result the hose stay full after i empti my tank the problem wa that with the hose constant full of water the trailer side fit leak it wa a fair steadi drip and no matter how tight i tighten the fit they still leak i am go to put thi away as a backup hose and tri thevalterra d040250 domin 15 sewer hose kitnext"
"weve set thi up 3 time sinc we left on our trip april 27th today the 3rd time hook it up the elbow complet separ from the hose now with about 12 roll of duct tape hold it on it still drip flimsi there are other out there worth the thi isnt"
"i had to return thi product becaus it wa defectiveth scanner fail to mate with my onboard comput on my 2004 toyota corollai purcha a canobd2 car readerwhich wa a perfect matei high recommend the latter not that the elmscan 5 compact wa a lesser produc product i had to return it for the reason state aboveelmscan 5 compact usb obdii scan tool obdwiz engin diagnost softwar 423001"
"the good the size is perfect fit in tight space becaus they are on about1534 long the light out put is great for softer accent light when bright read light is not need and they are at a great price the bad they get hot almost as hot as the incondec bulb not somet i would expect from an led the ug i will not trust these to be left on unattend becaus they get so hot i like to leav a light on in the rv when we are out but on these i have other led that stay cool and will leav them on i would not buy these again becaus of thi"
"the product descript show the size as 15x15x4 inch which is like to be the size of the cordset when it is coil but it tell me noth as to the length of the cord when it is uncoil import inform and as the seller is amazon there is no one to phone or email to request the inform"
"well i hope amazon return goe smooth becaus just after i open the box i found that i had receiv a defect unitth problem is with the rotat len in the 12 oclock posit the detent is loo and sloppi how would you like to film 3 hour of video on to find out that the pictur tilt halfway throughoth peopl have complain on the contour web site and contour said they will replac the camera with loo detent i assum they will replac them with refurbishedrepair unit so that whi i went right to amazon returnsa minor second problem is that the softwar instal use a program call prcviewex which macaff call flag as potenti unwant i have instal ton of softwar over the year and none ha trigger alert from macaf antiviru"
"update08152012batteri door rip complet off just from normal useupdate07122012they said they sent a clip i never got it i contact them again and they resent one which i receiv in a day or two after instal it all wa good took it on vacat and my mom bump it with the batteri door off and it broke again and more recent the batteri door just fell off from the rubber piec that held it on it still latch but isnt leashedupdate2292012aft reinstal firmwar it record againi contact them for a warranti claim and they said they are send me anoth batteri clip i dont abus my camcord and it frustrat ive had thi mani problem with itanoth problem i notic is in cold weather the record switch doesnt lock into place and you dont get much batteri life the later wa expectedupd 2142012camera just brick it selfso there a metal ring that attach the batteri holder which at some point came loo and rattl around in the camera now it doesnt record or stay record tri differ memori card charg it noth now the 100 buck worth of mount i have are worthless as is the camera it selfi prefer the contour video over the go pro but that about the on thinglow light it pretti good noth spectacular but with a small imag sensor i knew thisaft one light drop from about 2 feet onto carpet the batteri retain broke luckili or not the batteri is thick enough that it cant be remov with out plier so im not as worri about thativ had the camera about 2 month now and while tri to remov it from the suction mount panavi portion is good the contour part suck it rip the back door off yet anoth over expen poor construct mountth mount are over expen and poor construct it not as rug as i would have hope either i dont by ani mean beat on it the worst wa a 2 foot drop i wouldnt expect it to hold up in a crashit look pretti compar to a teletubi go pro but i couldnt recommend get one for more then 100 buck if you plan on use it alot sinc ive alreadi spent a ton on mount for a camera that turn into a paperweight more everi dayoh edit is a nightmar with the file format as welland their softwar is junk"
"purcha these to replac one from fit system model 3891 bought from amazon in 2012 and they where far worst for view obstruct when back camper into tight space the one from fit system are far superior for use in back camper you can see low tree branch eve of build carport post etc these mirror look better than one from fit system and are easier to instal the first time but they dont begin to compar to use of one from fit systemsif you want mirror that are easi to instal and look good buy these if you want mirror that work buy the one from fit system onc you connect the one from fit system the first time they are a breez to connect the next timei high recommend the one from fit system 3891 from amazon and half the price"
"i purcha the yamaha becaus of the good review and im a yamaha fan own a few product like my atv i had a honda eu2000i that wa 3 year old and i sold it with a travel trailer but now i felt i should of kept it first thing i notic when the yamaha arriv wa it seem louder then the honda but i thought i wa be to critic so later we went camp at my favorit spot in the desert and after place the yamaha 30 feet from trailer where i would put the honda i notic the yamaha wa louder with the honda i could bare hear it when im in the trailer but the yamaha wa not as quit and i could easili hear it run i wa hope it would be the same but becaus it louder im not happi at all so i sold the yamaha and now look to get anoth hondabut dang it amazon is out of stock on the honda so im of to camp worldi would not recommend thi gener if you want the most quietest onebut if the sound isnt an issu then it compar to the honda"
"i consid myself for the most part half way compet mechan 8211 ie rehab hous work on car includ automat transmiss rebuilt brake replac time belt 8230 with that said thi triangl is pretti cool well though out in design but realli lack in execut the plastic where it wrap around the pivot point is just too thin and will break off 8211 guarant sooner of later case in point is the triangl wa alreadi broken at the pivot point in the box even befor i open it 8211 perhap that wa a return the other good one i had troubl set it up at first as when you tri to snap it togeth convent it will break instead of snap it togeth you need to pri it open a littl not to much or it will break too then align the half round hole with the pin on it coaxialconcentr plane 8211 it non intuit i think it wa design to snap in but they got the form factor slight off dure manufacturingimagin dure an emerg on the highway in the dark pour rain or in freez storm where you mind hand and finger are not that coordin do you want to play around with thi murphy8217 law huh"
"is that thing abra i am ask becaus it doe not feel like iti tri to use it on my sunglass it did not do anythingi did read befor that it wa not meant for that use and to not attempt do iti did not care and tri it it had the same effect of put moistur cream on it it ha a similar texturenoth chang at all it did not do anythingi would actual have prefer if it had damag the plastic becaus at least it would be the proof of some effect"
"noth wrong with the bulb but even at their sale price i think it wa 16 or so they were a poor valu not ani brighter than the set that wa in therejust the cheapo kragen brand"
"forget the market hype of 90 that is just some trick of the perver way they are measur it the dot depart of transport tight regul these thing to someth like 15 with that said these are notabl brighter than the stock 9003 bulb which were 3 year old consid the origin were 3 year old i would believ the output of these bulb is increa toward the upper rang of that 15 i also like the color temperatur of the light output which is notic whiter than normal halogen but not quit true hid colorwhat is a terribl disappoint is that these bulb dramat alter the beam pattern perhap thi is the way that ge play the number game to achiev up to 90 brighter in certain area what i found is that the beam pattern went from a nice wide flat pattern to an almost dot pattern sure the area in the bright dot is better lit but the other area are wor in fact the center dot ha a poor cutoff caus extra glare forc you to aim them slight lower what i see are two bright dot which converg to give you a welllit spot which is fine for straightahead highway use but for curv or side lane it is terriblein sum i like the increa light output as well as the color temperatur of these bulb and the daili deal price wa nice but ge compromi the beam pattern to achiev it bogu market claim"
"i bought these know that no regular bulb are go to look like hid but thought these would be a littl bit closer to hid i saw mani great review and that these were the top of the line i instal them in my 2007 ford crown victoria patrol car and saw no differ in bright or color on top of that these appar have a shorter life span than regular bulb fortun they were on sale for a great price so i dont feel bad wast the money"
"the bulb were great didnt have the over blue color mani of the high end bulb do and were notic brighter than the bulb they replac howev 1 bulb die after less than 3 month and no i did not touch the bulb dure instal so in the end i give them an a for effort but the still get an f over"
"ok product didnt fit my grip i guess on made for their grip"
"in spite of the low cost the design of thi unit circuitri is fair robust better than some diy design you will find on the webftdi usb to serial interfac ic ft232bl and lm393 dual voltag compar for dual k line level conver on okth main drawback is that the suppli softwar is useless ancient and the instruct are useless nonappl to ani recent version of window it is also understood that there is no supportin instal the usb driver from ftdi web site seem to work but did not strong consid use the latest driver from window updat site which work proper with vcd lite and of cour are sign and work well with window 7 in my base 64 bit version alsoalso when check connect use vcd lite option per instruct make sure you do thi physic connect to car obd port and not with other serial port which will fal pass test in vcd lite option pane these are the two most common setupinst problem you may encounterth is no support for thi product or the softwar you might run with it so take care to follow the direct preci if you do so you will have a good chanc of thi work with recent version of window and vcdslite or other freeshar ware for vwaudi obdwher my sampl fell short is in proper function test thi with multipl comput and knowncompat car that work with other obdii reader it did not ever establish a connect to the car softwar use includ the vcd freewar version as well as two other open sourc toolswhen check the connect and solder under microscop i found that the obd connector j1962 that connect to the car jack wa poor solder otherwi the devic appear well put togetheramazon process a refund proper boost review a star given huge valu and good fallback if all el failsbtw purcha the similar but betterbuilt cabl from ecstun for about 3x the total cost veri happi with that bit of hardwar"
"i bought thi think it will work with my 1994 vw golf the cd that come with it is useless and outdat and the cabl did not serv it intend purpo at the end"
"need driver and softwar help will not instal auto instal disc wont do noth but tell you what it wont do"
"in less than a year these bracket have rust the thing is i keep my bike in the garag when not in use onc again most like made in china like must thing sold at amazon"
"thi is a nice piec of equip and it is a must have for an rv water system but i found out veri quick that i wa switch compressor hose constant becaus thi wasnt the same size as my air tool yeah you can chang those nippl out but honest just use the valv stem style blow out and you wont have ani problem"
"i though what a great idea blow air into line and clear them so they wont freez right well i wonder about the low line or the dip throughout the coach the pex may have in hidden area if water didnt get total blow out and accumul in these area well thi past fall i blew the line good with air and my good air compressor to the right pressur no to over do what the line can hold and long and a few timeswel with the super cold winter we had i got nervou after a few super cold day in dec and figur i would pump rv antifreez through all the line which i have alway done just in case my fear were right well it would not pump through all the water line becaus the accumul water left in pex line were frozen in some area i warm up coach for a few hour and use a few space heater till line becam unfrozen then the water pump final drew in the antifreez and i had no leak and felt good the rest of the winter know the line were protecteda thought also went through my mind when i wa push compress air in from my compressor to my water line think how clean is thi air that blow through the air line and compressor into my fresh water drink linesso the product doe what it design to do convert air to screw in part of water inlet after that i am not sure it get all the water out plu just know the rv antifreez is in all the line is a safe thing to know your realli cover good when you flush it in the spring and have no surpri leak anywh from a crack pex line or connector somewh"
"i return these due to them not work on my trailer it ha side skirt on it and it wa imposs to use these even turn upsid down send back and order standard wheel chock"
"look good on paper but ha no effect on the movement of 33 travel trailer i put down the land gear and have normal movement when someon get up and move around got a pr of these hope theyd allevi that movement no chang whatsoev these might keep you from roll away if park on a steep hill but so will a good set of wheel chock and i know theyd cost a lot less dont wast your money buy the wheel chock"
"okay thi doe appear to be a smooth run machin but smooth or not it no good if the pad dont stay on over a 3 settingi got thi to restor the finish on a white 2005 ford crown victoria polic interceptor that i bought from the local auction i actual wrote in and ask meguiar if it could be use with their 105 compound they said ye and i order the machineunfortun the pad would not stay on at the higher speed in order to cut through the scratch and there is no way it would cut 1200 to 1500 sand line like they adverti it do in mani of their video so i learn that issu on the trunk and did the rest of the car with 3000 and after sever applic of 105 at the slower speed got the car to shine and readi for the 205 polishi did write in to meguiar regard the pad issu and they did send me a pad and a new back plate unfortun they sent me the 56 back plate and not the 7 plate that thi machin is all about so what the point local on 8 pad are avail in all the part store so that anoth issu your pad must be order alsoi thought i did all my homework befor i order thi product and look at video and review all over the place i guess i didnt pay enough attent becaus when i receiv the machin and review specif video on product use i notic mani of the meguiar train video show maguir folk use a makita rotari tool and a wool pad at high speed i think that should have been a clueanyway in my next life i am go to at least go down to the local auto paint suppli store and see what they are offer befor i buy onlin while 3m stuff is not so preval in the auto suppli store around here and i havent seen ani good da with the pressur respon motor and the speed rang of the onlin stuff im sure they must have a complet set of product that local profess are use for about the same price less the aggrav use meguiar product sinc the blue coral era in the 70 and between thi da thing and multipl problem with their fail spray bottl i am move on to other vendor"
"thi littl unit is a workhor it basic a dual action grinder motor that ha been adapt for use as a buffer the problem it ha is thu the way the pad attach to the buffer is a cheap velcro system the pad will not stay put had to stop frequent to recent them thi would just be annoy but it get wor after an hour of use the unit start to get hot and it conduct thi heat down into the buf pad the velcro on the pad is held in place with glue so when the pad get hot the glue let go and the pad disintegr while your work thi is just plain poor design especi for a 150 buffer if they could overcom thi it would be a great unit otherwi it a wast of money for anyon who is do seriou detail work"
"if i pay for a a e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug i expect to see the red gaugeinstead of a orang cheaper grade lang gaug no pocket clip have the pleasur of own a real a e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug thi is nowher the same item no where in thi list doe it say or substitut not even a email or noth say it would be substitut i mean if i want the cheap lang i could have stop by sear for five buck"
"at least i obtain lexol premium tire shine spray through amazon vine program becaus i would have been great disappoint had i paid the go price the main issu is that stoner meguiar and mother all make superior product and all of them are readili avail at auto suppli store the spray nozzl on the lexol product produc an aw wide spray which tend to lead to wast and have to clean the overspray off your wheel when use in the wide set on the narrow set there still a fair amount of runoff wast the biggest problem is that thi product is not near as shini as it competitor nor doe it seem to last appreci longer if your in a pinch lexol premium tire shine spray is ok but if you can find one of the three competitor list abov at a compar price then think twice about thi product"
"thi product ha silicon which ha been proven to degrad tire and dri them out so while thi product will make your tire look shini the tire will not last as long if you use thisth manufactur claim that thi product protect your tire is complet fal"
"okay i didnt expect a lot but i did expect it to inflat an automobil tire compressor would come on but tire would total deflat while runningsam thing with tri to inflat a bicycl tire i learn my final lesson with slime thi wa not my first faulti product from thi manufactur"
"piec of junk took forev to inflat a normal car tire and broke after about 2 month total wast of money"
"i got a small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread a few veri small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to a t the slime 34clotted34 in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove a few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over a few hour and it held the next day howev i drove to work and when i came back to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got a lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know a lot of peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing a bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in a pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit reviewsput anoth way there is at least a 25 chanc thi product will be a disast for you a 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use a more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for a product like thi a 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be a good rate for a tv but for a product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as a car tire have a 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"thi jumpstart air compressor invert is of excel qualiti and use as mention in other review it would be nice if they includ an ac power cord and possibl a dc powercharg cord for the price thi is a fair larg unit and take up a larg amount of room in a trunk or the back of a station wagonhatchback it charg fast and ha plenti of reserv power to start our motor home or inflat larg tire great carri handleupd 19 may 2011 the user manual wa miss now i need it to check someth item itself is pretti user friend tri to download manual on websit from manufactur upgicom but no manual or document avail from support none avail from energ tri googl no one ha upload manual yet final found support 800 number for upg inc which is also a wholesaleretail sale number nice ladi answer she took my name email telephon address etc said she would look around for one and send it somehow if she find oneappar thi is a market arrang where they buy the use of the energ name then import and distribut itdesign pretti good salesmarket good support not so good technic support essenti nonexist downgrad to two star will post anoth updat if i ever get the manual"
"thi is a handi product i must say an allinon but the fact still remain that the power invert doe not last to one satisfact infact the power invert cannot fill air into a new tyre that is on it disadvantag power invert doe not last"
"just got through use thi applic pad did not like it would not absorb the past wax such that i could not go veri far without have to dip back into the can again for more wax veri wast of my time and my wax my hand cramp while use it i now realiz that i prefer a thinner padi see noth premium about it and i have use lot of applic over the year includ foam microfib and even the littl pad i got with my p21 concour wax all were better imo than thi one i like smart wax product but thi applic wa for me at least a dudof cour your experi along with your wax may be differ"
"thi stuff dri way too faststay away unless you have a buffer machin unimpress get mcguiar it soo much better"
"as most lock ga cap go it a pain to use the thing and thi cap make it just a bit more of a pain about a month ago i unlock the thing to put ga in sinc you need the key to even put the thing back on the car i poke the key back into the hole and turn it and began put it on as usual it kept lock caus it to spin freeli even though the key wa in and turn and then it unlock and stay that way and i use it for about a week until i got anoth ga cap i wa afraid it wa go to lock and id have to pri the stupid thing off and noth would ever work on it again meh ill find a way to make the door lockabl"
"it list at water resist but it is not water resistantit rain right now and i can see my motorcycl is cover in water no protect nadagreat fit great look cover for mayb dust and wind but not for rainplan to return and get someth with real water resist cover"
"i think thi is is a dumb design you have to put the key in and turn and turn and turn and turn what it doe is unthread on a small diamet bolt mayb 14 i get the impress that i need to put some silicon on it befor use it to keep it from corrod and rust it will probabl work fine to keep the hitch in the receiv but not conveni and i doubt these small thread would surviv a good pri bar jmho"
"thi lock is adverti and label as fit class iii and iv hitch receiv it is also recommend by amazon to be purcha with the allen 2 bike hitch carrier although thi lock is solid construct the 58 diamet pin is too larg to fit either the allen 2 bike hitch carrier or ani class iii hitch receiv that ive ever seen amazon wa graciou about allow me to return it for a full refund ive replac it with a lock with a smaller pin that actual doe fit a class iii hitch receiv thi larg heavi lock wa appar design for a class iv hitch receiv not a class iii"
"thi product doe not deliv valu it is label as larg and have a capac of 64 liter i had hope thi tote would live up to it adverti but it did not even come close i am still wonder what the purpo is for the clear top panel sinc a it ha a den white grid pattern and b it cannot be seen through the carri handl are inconveni and requir one to use two hand as they are place vertic at the midway point of each side veri awkward to carri anyth let alon a full load the frame is not sturdi and you would not be abl to put anyth on top of thi the nonskid base doe not keep the tote in place as claim the final nail in the coffin is the price i find the 50 price tag almost laughabl sinc the item fall so short of it claim depend upon your need i would recommend use duffel bag or those plastic mold tote with lid if you need more support in both case you will save yourself some hardearn cash"
"i had high hope for thi product sinc keep thing organ in my trunk is challeng i have a hatchback and alway keep the back seat fold down i am also not abl to fulli grasp the concept of travel light so there alway a lot of stuff knock abouti have an organ that i realli like it made by rola their move model which come in variou size and is sold by amazon it ha moveabl divid collap and is perfect for keep groceri bag and the like secur in the trunk but it low so tall thing can toppl out i had been use an old plastic bin to carri taller item and thought the thule bag would be much betterwel it look nice but in term of actual use doesnt offer ani more valu than my 199 plastic bin the thule bin ha the capabl to collap but it somewhat ackward to do the metal rod are tough to wedg into place it a twohand oper the rola design is much bettereasierth no divid within the bin nor are there ani pocket on the outsid it basic a nylon repres of a box with a zipper on the top and handl on the side the base is nonskid but is not all that grippi stop short caus the bin to slide quit a biti wish i could be more posit about thi sinc thule doe make some good product while thi is wellbuilt good zipper nice stich and qualiti nylon materi it need to go back to the draw board either add more valu to it by ad featur such as divid pouch etc or drop the price by way more than half as it stand if you buy thi your pay an aw lot for someth that is function equiv to a plain box"
"thi is a trapizodi box with a zipper top there is a wire frame you must push down to get it to stand up hint place it on a hard flat surfac to get the wire side to stay in place there is a zipper across the top handl on the side and cynch strap on each side to tighten i have no ideamin arriv incorrect assembl the cynch strap ran outsid the handl and made the handl unus i look at the pictur on the box and realiz the cynch strap were suppo to go insid the handl you cant unthread the cynch strap but you can unhook them from the bottom attach and rerun themth clear panel on top is not clear at all transluc mayb no chanc you can see what is insideth nonskid base is realli not veri effect at all especi becaus the smooth fabric from the side wrap around the bottom edgesi realli dont understand the purpo of thi a cardbox would do the same thing in fact it might do it better thi ha a trapizodi shape which is smaller on the bottom than the top thi great reduc your abil to put thing in the bottom it also on ha a central zipper so you cant even open the whole thing up to put in tall itemsth are no intern divid and not even ani tie down point around the outsid to afix it to the floor of your trunkessenti you are buy a fair ineffect box with a thule logo on the outsid i for one am not at all impress with thi product and do not recommend it two star not one becaus the fabric zipper and over assembl are pretti high end"
"i thought thi would be the perfect organ of sort for my husband suv the size and descript seem perfect howev unless you plan on load the organizertot insid of the vehicl it is not veri easi to carri or transport the handl are awkward and the qualiti of construct just did not seem worth the price i agr with the other review who mention that amazon went overboard with noneco friend packag for mail the item unnecessari the box could have been ship in it origin packag as the item it is not breakabl and the cardboard box it wa pack in at the factori wa sturdi disappoint"
"my hilift with the cast base v the stamp doesnt fit veri well in thi not sure if i will end up use it"
"i couldnt see ani improv at all i sand i polish over and over again i got noth thi wa a total wast of money"
"thi is the strangest offer yet by amazon vineth wiper are offer in pack of 1 and i wa not awar you could not order two of the same size i have a gmc savana that requir two 22 blade i place the vine order for one and then found i could not order anoth obvious replac one wiper blade is not go to help what use is receiv just onei can buy anoth from amazon for approxim 17 but my anco wiper refil cost 6 and work fine we are not allow to return or give away vine merchandi so what wa thi offer good for"
"a review of thi wiper blade wa enter in the autotex 18 by mistakehowev the same thing appli to thi offer you can get one blade but not two that are need vine should consid thi befor offer item like thisto purcha a second autotex wiper blade via amazon would cost 3 time as much as i spend on wiper blade and i truli dont believ the autotex blade can wipe rain off my windshield three time fasternot a good offer for amazon vine"
"i have been addict to meguiar gold class car wash for year and have never use anyth el it is fantast and give a nice shine afterward as well the water bead up and it is veri easi to dri it seem as if it is a shampoo and condit i went to the auto part store and found meguiar ultim car wash on sale for 799 and thought i would give it a tri i wa a bit disappoint it is a strang yellow color and it is thick and i person did not care for the smell it clean veri well but it wa almost as if the wax wa gone after i use it the car wa not slipperi anymor it had am actual layer of water and not bead so it wa harder to dri as well even with an absorb i have on use it a coupl of time on two differ car and i think that i am go to pass it up and go back to the gold class i may tri it onc more but if it produc the same result i am go to toss it out in the trash no wonder it is on sale ultim i dont think so"
"thi is an updat to my origin review in june 2010 which wa veri positivethi is a nice product produc copiou sud that last good at clean the vehicl so noth new therehowev i alway wonder about the claim of the wash contain carnauba and polym sinc one normal ha to buff wax off the car just how did thi product leav these wax type finish on a car whi wouldnt you have to buff thi after use itthen it occur to me my black car alway ha a good wax finish do i need to be put someth from a wash in addit to that when i wash a car i hose it down mix up the sudsi shampoo wash all area squeegi off the water with a silicon blade and finish up by wipe up ani remain dropletsmoistur with one of those damp chamwow type high absorb felt towel thi work fine but with the meguiar i alway had to follow up on the glass with an addit buf from a bath type towel if i didnt buff the window even though they had been wipe clean of droplet by the chamwow they would be veri streakedspot in the direct sunlight so although i didnt see direct streak of the paint i have to assum that it had the same issu as the unbuf window given i wasnt buf the car paint itselfi actual had gone to buy a new bottl of the meguiar hadnt paid much attent to price in that i alway want a good shampoo but then i notic that thi product is twice the price of other name brand shampoo such as black magic and rainx plu thi product call for 1 oz per gallon wherea those other call for 1 oz per bucket so it actual four time the price of the othersso came back with the black magic which is just a clean shampoo at 1 oz per bucket vs the maquiar 2 it foam veri well but didnt last quit as long but long enough to get the job done with foami soap i did notic that the window werent streak and car actual doe seem to have a better shine but have to admit that could be wish thinkingso in conclus think thi product leav some sort of film on the car and not a glassi one there are plenti of option out there at 14 the cost that leav no film if you are will to pay four time the price suspect you alreadi keep your vehicl wax so the dubiou benefit of thi product contain wax as protect is a wast of money as well as leav a less that sparkl clean finish on the car"
"price wa attract but veri poor qualiti construct materi i have not use becaus i am afraid it collap under high presion"
"garbag product i sprai it well until the can becam empti i have stuck brake dust just after 3 day of drive so the commerci is"
"i like how simpl thi product is to appli but notic that on my machin and partial paint wheel it dri visibl and requir a lot of elbow grea to rub out complet to a perfect finish i dont like to have to overwork ani product on my car not just out of lazi but the more aggress you have to rub anyth in risk scratch i didnt even finish use thi product i just threw what wa left awaynb onc it wa complet work in it doe leav the wheel bead so it work but there are other product out there that finish 34right34 first time without the extra labor requir"
"the review said that thi wa the best of the air pumpsi order it and return the pump without actual use itmi black and decker did not have as good of review as thi unit hadbut i didnt like not have the option of a 120 volt plugsinc i wa go to give it as a gift i want to make it as easi to use as possibleth idea of not be abl to plug it in to a garag outletsinc you cant run the vehicl in a garag in the time to fill the tire"
"i look at differ similar product and decid to pay extra to buy thi becaus i want someth that would last unfortun thi did noti use it when i first got it and it work fine i like the fact the hose clip on to the inflat valv and the gaug seem accuratei store it on my compressor over the winter and went to use it yesterday but couldnt the pressur relea button on the side had somehow fallen out of the bodi leav a gape hole that let all the compress air escap there doe not seem to be ani way to repair or replac that part so now the whole thing is useless and a total wast of money"
"amazon sent me a previouslyreturn arb inflat and not surprising it hose leak it wa leak from where the silver hose connect to the silver bodi i return the arb and bought a milton dual chuck tire inflat with gaug which use higherqu materi and higherqu construct though the arb ha a few advantag in designth arb ha a gaug that easier to read than milton the on problem is that the chuck on the arb air hose doesnt rotat like on the milton so you may need to clip the arb hose onto the air connector at an angl that make the arb gaug hard to readth milton chuck is open on both side of the tilt silver end which ive read mean you can push the milton hose into a tight space and pull the chuck back onto an air connect appar thi is necessari on certain vehicl and equip if you dont need that featur then the arb clipon connector is probabl more conveni the clip itself feel a littl weak and might break over time though if it did you could hold it against the air connectorth arb come with a type d quick disconnect alreadi screw in but on the milton you have to suppli your own seal tape and screw in your own quick disconnectth arb ha a button you can use to relea pressur from what your inflat but the milton ha no such featur i dont think it at all difficult to relea some pressur on the chuck and just let air escap from the tire and that probabl easier than use a pressurerelea button anyway plu have a button creat anoth point that can fail dure manufactur or after youv own the tool for awhil"
"after read the high review i wa expect a good inflatorsad it is not veri good at all the needl jump and will often stick at the 60 psi mark i have to tap the gaug to get it to move the crimp is not that good and it will leak air when the hose is flexedi may have been unlucki or it may be a sign of qualiti controli didnt need to use it for sever week after i bought it by which time is wa too late to returnveri disappoint with thi"
"broke quick after first usag and when it did work for a littl while the read were off compar to two other guag i own a slime and a craftsman digit so it wa definit defect then it just quit read after a month of veri light usag unhappi is an understat and hope these folk read these review and redesign thi product quit unhappi"
"ye it doe the job nice size easili latch on but what i find truli annoy is how long it take to reset back to zero it take like 10 second is that a long time in the grand scheme of thing no but onc you get that initi figur let say 335 and ur goal is 32 psi it can take awhil to get down to that 32 i bought thi for my father in lawi have a craftsman tire gaug that zero almost instant and it ha a bleeder valv that let the air out and can see the psi love it guess i wa spoil as thi tekton gaug annoy me luckili i dont have to use it often dont get me wrong it isnt junk but just do not like it"
"greesi messi doesnt spread even and attract dirt use it to shine my tire until it gone becaus it worthless for anyth el"
"a could not imagin that factori manufactur item can be so much off size of the socket too loo even for 78 and complet unacept for 22 mma mention in other review over socket will round the nut surfac sinc the full forc will be appli to a veri small area of the edg"
"think fli paper when you buy thi item it is veri sticki which mean it attract everyth it also stick a littl too well to a dash and get worst when it is a hot dash pull it up leav a mark on your dash for a few day i thought it would be a friction mat not a high sticki mat"
"the stem is somewhat loo and ha a tendenc to move in the base l had wrap elect tape around that area to make it more stabl therefor im disappoint in thi item"
"the walex toi61776 elemon grey water deodor and cleaner work ok just ok for a few day and i have to place more in the gray water tank i wish there wa a product on the market that would work alittl longer but you have to rememb what your deal with34 a roll outhouse34"
"after you purcha thi elbow you are abl to read the fine print and find that it contain lead i would rather not have lead in the connect to my fresh water system on my motor home but i have not die yet"
"thi is a great idea but the one i receiv had sever pinhol leak not just seepag but small jet of water from bad cast"
"i return thi item becaus it contain lead in whi in thi day an age would someth with lead in it still be sold"
"got one of these when i blew out a coupl hose due to high pressur while it did reduc the pressur it caus backflow problem that caus hammer pipe resolv that and the regul stop work turn out if it sit with backpressur on it it start to stick im on my second camco reg and it is now start to fail if you use thi a lot i live in my rv so it get constant use go for a good reg if you on use it occas thi is probabl fine"
"thi is a well made water regul but it restrict the water flow to much so there is hard ani pressur in the camper basic a wast of money imho get one with a pressur gaug and that allow you to regul the actual water pressur"
"it just doesnt fit veri well hard to disconnect and had a faulti connect typic low qualiti stuff from you know where basic you get what you paid for i high dont recommend thi terribl product"
"i tought im buy a brand new idem but i gue i wa wrong thi wa priviusli use and it ha mark of wear all over it it make me sad i fall for such a scam"
"got thi and just befor i took it out of the box return iti dont know what i wa think when i order thi it a coupl of clamp with boltsnow that im look at it and think about it i just cant ration 50went down to low and got 2 clamp bolt and wing nut weld the wing nut to the clamp and have a nice tube mount for the jeep under 1000on the rock crawler i just weld the 2 bolt direct to the roll cage under 500on one star not becaus of the qualiti of the item it is qualiti and veri well madei on gave it one star becaus thi item should sell for half the price"
"the product i receiv wa differ from the photo onlin even differ from the photo on the product box i sent it back to be replac and i got the same wrong product im sure i could have made it work but i dont like buy one item and get ship someth el twice"
"the adapt doesnt establish a connect with the charg system in my bmw the tender jr work well when attach direct to the batteri but i cant get thi conveni cig lighter adapt to work"
"i bought thi cigarett lighter adapt so i could plug my deltran trickl charger into my car without have to rai the hood everi time the first time i plug it in the light on the charger lit up and i thought all wa well later i notic the light wa out so i check to see if my lighter socket still work with my gp and other devic and it doe not i check the fuse and it is not a fuse it ruin the lighter socket i have not had it fix yet becaus the radio surround must be remov to get to it"
"i would not buy thi scraperbrush to replac my ga station cheapi the scraper is not so sturdi and while the brush head can be rotat it actual shorter than my cheapiealso it doe not extend wrong item i thought perhap there wa anoth on my newslett and i accid order it instead of the extend brush but there wa no other oxo snowbrush and the item im to review is an extend brush but mine isnt how i struggl tri to extend the grip from the handl until i realiz the way the handl is made it couldnt possibl extend and sure enough that white button toward the end of the handl that you can see in the product pictur is miss from my snowbrusha mistak can be forgiven and ive given favor review when ive bought one item and receiv anoth so long as form fit and function compli with the product descript thi doe notit a good thing it ha that nice comfi oxo grip i need it for the extra time it take to brush the snow off my car and it earn thi item two star rather than one"
"the tiedown hole for the rope are in the complet wrong placethey are mount near the front mirror as oppo to be in the middl of the car the rope they give is entir too short and frustratingbi the time you reach the hole from undersid the car the hole you initi put the rope through ha fell outth worst part the elast bottom hem isnt even the whole way around but on on the front and rear of vehicl a true qualiti car cover would have the elast bottom hem everywh around the cardefinit regret thi purcha"
"the idea while great is not the greatest in execut becaus the manufactur ha chosen to on make the tape 38 inch wide when you bend thi in half to fit your door edg it realli doesnt leav much to work withless than 216 inch on each side add to that the thick of the door edg and there is even less it amaz me how compani tri to save a few fraction of a penni to increa their bottom line and leav it to the consum to fend for themselv in thi case to instal thi to look nice while not have much to grab onto i on did about 8 inch of my door edg where my door would make first contact it clear so that good and my tape is near invi but good luck tri to tape thi down your entir door frame without mess up becaus it not wide enough"
"it thinner than i had expect on time will tell how it would hold up to my abusebtw i use solut from a tint kit to put it on and it work fine it take a lot of time and patienc to get it to stick to the edg curv of the door sill"
"without get too technic thi isnt the 507 spec that vwskodaaudiseat call for the m in the name and on the label mean it for merc i didnt see that until i order it i will keep it and sell it to a merc owner hope it should be more easi to pick the right oil for car via amazon and via the oil and car compani"
"i hate these glasss they leak air around foam pad dont like the feel of them at all i dont know what el to write in order to leav thi comment"
"i read all the review and figur thi purcha is a no brainer well i wa the except to the rule i guess to be fair i own a ford flex and wa sent mat for a ford f150 the mat seem like a nice made product but not for my vehicl didnt fit at all sent em back and paid half the price for mat that were specif made for the vehicl"
"as a hitch pin thi is great it fit my hitch just fineif you are use it to secur your hitch for a short period of time thi will be fineth problem come if you are one of those peopl that leav their hitch on all the time i do thi to prevent peopl from ding me in the citi and be in the citi i need to lock my hitchth problem is that the lock will seiz up with water and road grime and it will be imposs to remov thi happen to me and i wa prepar to spent hour under my truck with a grind wheel as almost an asid i start with a hack saw and realiz that the pin is veri soft i wa abl to cut through half the pin in a coupl minut by hand with a dull hack saw then i took a hammer whack it one way until it bent turn the pin around whack it the other way and it broke offso good for me that it didnt turn into a cur fest butit also made me realiz that the lock will on keep honest peopl honest and now i have to buy a new pin"
"i use thi product on a myriad of leather around the hous and found that in near everi case the 34leather honey34 wa a disappoint i bought 34leather honey34 for the purpo of renew an old pair of leather boot after follow the instruct and see absolut no differ i decid to tri it on a varieti of other leather with littl or no result classic snake oil product"
"in an attempt to keep my new leather dash from ever get warp again i look into thi product given overwhelm number of posit reviewsa the name impli leather honey is a thick transluc fluid that flow with a consist not unlik corn syrupth instruct on the back readsleath honey revit stiff weather leatherand soften protect and extend the life of newleath may darken some leather but originalcolor usual return over time use on all typesof leather except suededirectionsnew leather use a paint brush spong orlintfr cloth cover entir surfac area withleath honey at room temperatur the warmerth product the easier to appli allow a minimumof two hour for absorpt prefer overnightand wipe off excessus leather clean surfac with mild soap andwarm water allow to dri follow instruct fornew leather if necessari appli addit coatsus on as directednot for retail unless authorizeda littl goe a long wayso with that i left my car to warm up nice in the sun befor appli the product my car interior color were a mixtur of black and light creme leather i test the product on a nonconspicu leather spot behind my seat and all wa safe it didnt chang the colormi first impress wa the smell it doesnt smell horribl but it ha a smokey smell to it veri hard to describ when appli the smell is veri light and not too appar but out of the bottl it ha a strong burntsour chemic smell to it i get the impress they were tri to simul the smell of natur treat leather it will be entir up to you to decid how compat thi leather is with your product in case of my car interior i didnt mind it as i believ the smell would mix right in with that new car smell i just wouldnt call it pleasantnext upappl as i appli the leather honey onto a clean microfib cloth to my surpri it wa clear as water but thick like syrup even though my car wa nice warm up from the sun the product laid down thick there wa an immedi tacki as the towel move across the surfac of the leather i can see whi peopl say thi product isnt oili becaus oil is slipperi when appliedstil i will be complet straight with you contrari to what other review have state the the product is oili veri oili but not in that slipperi way it leav the leather glisten even as i turn the towel to wipe off the excess the leather wa glisten that may be fine for thing like shoe but for car leather especi dashboard it not good as instruct i left the product on the leather to absorb overnight and on the follow day i went over everyth again with a dri towel still my leather wa left feel oili and still glisten when i took the car out for a drive the spot where my elbow normal touch the window sill wa veri hot to the touch as you may or may not know oili thing heat up veri quick ever microwav someth oili like a croissant ye it take on a few second anyway remov my elbow it left a dull spot i took my dri towel and tri to wipe away the dull spot but it didnt go away my elbow had pull the oil right out of the surfac of leather so ye thi product is veri oili and a terribl choic for car leather i also notic that the smudg left behind on window glass when my towel rub up against it unavoid were not easili wipe away in fact the on way to get rid of it wa to use glass cleanerbecaus it is oil base thi product is certain capabl of restor dri weather leather the downsid is that it left my car leather oili im sure my leather love it but but i didnt and it leav a slight tacki to the leather that i found veri unapp to sit insummaryi can see how thi product will rock for maintain shoe and pur which explain the numer posit review but it is not at all a good product on leather which your skin touch on a regular basi your skin give and absorb oil too and when it touch someth treat with leather honey it will take away some of that oil leather honey is veri thick and oili i laugh now think about the recommend of use a brush in the instruct that would have been a nightmar to reduc down to an even layer on one hand if you dont put enough on it wont do ani good for the leather but if you do it veri veri oili and take mani goover to get thing to an accept state and even after that your left with a tacki unclean feel leatheri would not at all recommend thi leather product for car or jacket sorri as much as i love the name and the idea behind leather honey i must warn all car lover to steer away from thi product i would recommend use zymol leather creme condit it smell better goe on easi and wipe off without the issu i had with leather honey i end up use it to restor my interior the way it wa befor i appli leather honey i realli hope leather honey wa a better product than what i wa use but it wasntat least not for what i bought it foroh ye i did mention jacket didnt i ye i appli leather honey to my jacket at the same time it wa a mistak it too wa left feel slight tacki it wa an 800 levi made and craft leather motorcyclestyl jacket like a babi butt sheepskin soft anyway im sure with time the tacki will go away and im left with a healthier leather jacket i wont be do that that againanyway thi ha been my honest review of leather honey i hope it wa help thank for readingif you have ani addit tip or suggest for me on the product or my review id love to hear it leav me a comment thank again"
"leav a sticki finish on my sofa and doe not protect against mild dew i use meguiar car leather cleaner and condit thi realli clean my sofa well and doesnt leav a oili surfac meguiar reduc the mild dew problem signific"
"im not sure if it is a factori defect or it is suppo to be like that when i shook the filter with my hand i could hear a wobbl noi from the insid the insid of the filter i could move it back and ford with my finger i have use wix mobil 1 porul kn and none of them i could move a thing insid the filtercan anyon confirm it is normal befor i put it on my car thi is my first rp filter i will just toss it away and forget about it if it is a defect never again rp filter 12thanksupd i talk to rp custom support and thi is hi repli if you have a similar problem do not put thi filter on your car have a good daygood morningthi doesnt sound right plea repli with the filter part number and your locat we would like to get thi filter back for inspect and would happili replac it for youthank for choo royal purpl and have a great daybest regardschristoph barkertechn servic"
"i bought the full set of these and in tripl quaniti due to tv muscl car recommend no wonder local auto part store dont carri thi product it stain my dash and speedomet plastic leav residu in windsheild over spray"
"i order 6 of these and it didnt last use them onmi new dodg ram 1500 and it wa disappoint on new goodyear tire i went with duplicolor tire spray and it last soooo much longer"
"i order thi for a 2008 honda civicthi valv will not screw into the oil pan becaus the spot where the plug is locat is recess and the valv cant turn in that space"
"i cannot tell the differ between use thi cleaner and use just soap and water the scrubber brush is nice"
"i bought thi product to use withgriot garag 11044 long last tire dress 16 oz while the tire dress is a fine product thi detail spong suck everi time i use thi my hand end up cover in the tire dress i havent found a way to hold thi that your hand doesnt get fulli grea with productordinarili id give such a product 1star but they say it work for interior dress as well mayb it better at that for tire applic spend your money on theeagl one 5010602 tire swipe 2 per poli baginstead they work great and can be cut in half to handl low profil tire"
"i actual have the wash pad and they are not realli effect becaus they hold so much water that they becom heavi and cumbersom to use especi on the side and lower part of your vehiclealso they take forev to dri one time i accid put them away in a contain when i thought they were dri but the insid wa still moist the next day they smell like moldyou could toss these in the dryer but it would take forev to dri when you leav them out to dri they take a few day to complet dri befor you can put them back in storagea far as wash abil i wasnt impress they dont lather up proper and i feel like everi time i go over the paint i am move water around and not enough soapmi favorit car wash spong is the zymol spong you can get it for like 8 buck on ebay it is made from a higher qualiti spong materi it is the perfect size and it just make car wash so much easier microfib is good for a lot of thing but i think a good qualiti spong is best for wash i actual like the spong better than a sheepskin mitt griot use to sell a superior sheepskin mitt which i have and still usei will admit that these micro fiber mittspad look realli cool and they feel great when they are dri but onc you drop them in the water they becom so heavi that you cant effici use them you might feel otherwi but i have a feel if you use these you will encount the same problem i had imo a good qualiti wash spongecloth should be lightweight when load with water and soap so that when you are wash your vehicl you are abl to produc lather thi wash mittpad becom so heavi when load with water that it is not abl to effect do thati dont recommend thi product to wash your car"
"i bought these mitt for the high review but i wa insan disappoint in the first minut i knew i hate them when i soak them in the soap and water i pull out what felt like a set of 10 lb dumbel my arm were exhaust and just to give them anoth chanc i tri them on anoth wash i threw them in the trash i wouldnt even be okay give them to a friend becaus i wouldnt wanna put them through it"
"sinc griot make you buy thi separ i thought it would be a good product not so thi sprayer didnt make it through half the bottl when the seal broke the speed shine is a great productbut the sprayer is crap save your money and just pour the speed shine in an empti windex bottl like i had to do"
"there no fine mist set on these sprayer it goe from close to a sloppi spray i appli the major of my detail liquid to pad or towel and a fine spray would realli cut down on wast product it a conspiraci yeah just go to your local hardwar store buy cheap spray bottl and transfer your liquid to those these sprayer are low qualiti and sad i have like 10 of them right in the garbag they will gonot recommend"
"ive bought five of these over the last 2 year for variou bottl of griot product i use and so far four of them have blown their intern seal and now leak fluid all over my hand as i spray thi is after mayb a dozen use sometim less if these sprayer were includ with the product it wouldnt be so bad but sinc griot sell them separ thi is inexcus that they call them the finest sprayer just make it wor ive found the sprayer i can get at my local home improv store for half the price includ a bottl are superior to thi one ill continu to use griot other product but for sprayer ill look elsewh"
"if thi is their finest i am plea that i have not experienc their worst although griot ha some good productsand some not so goodthi one is miser when use thi with speed shine it just lay big goober of liquid on the car which then run off everywh i have tri sever of those that i havei onc bought 3 of themand they all fail i have a friend who detail car and he said that their old sprayer were fine but that he too hate thi oneand he is a real griot bigotcheck out chemic guy for a realli good onehowev some of their product too leav much to be desir but their sprayer is good in the veri fine control mist that it lay down"
"after use thi clay i just assum clay wa a pain to use but after tri a differ brand i know better thi clay fall apart while tri to use it it also is a veri mild clay which isnt a bad thing but if you want better result i recommend anoth brand"
"i found thi to be too soft everythin on your hand and nail as such it doesnt pick up everyth either i had to go over the same surfac 2 to 3 time to get glossi smooth finish also the yellow color on the clay seem like ad paint color it start come off of the clay when go over the surfac not good"
"my experi is probabl the except sinc thi unit ha been bought by sever hundr peopl and ha a 4 star plu rate open the packag and lift out thought i had a babi rattl thi is an electr devic it shouldnt have loo piec insid think electr short and blow up expen electron i didnt even tri to plug it in im not blame the seller thi is a manufactur qualiti control issu unit packag arriv intact"
"not as flexibl as i thought it would be can be sand bu if join two edg togeth simpl crack as oppo to total separ part it wa a failur plastic bond open up along crack liewant to make a plastic tab join to larger partaft have a 1 inch crack re appear on flat surfac doubt thi will do addit infotri to use to attach differ plastic togetrh not effectivethi stuff is useless for ani repeat ani bond of plastic end up like like glaze putti no perman adh and break off easilyi ould rate thi stuff a zero star if possibeugh"
"went on easi enough and dri to a hard materi but did not work well on the type composit i wa work with which wa an old pellet gun stock it doe state may not bond some type of materi and i guess thi wa one of them"
"i bought thi as a substitut for a lambswool mitt but thi wash mitt is too larg and it veri heavi and clumsi when wet there an inner line that prevent spin the mitt on your hand to expo the unus side becaus thi inner line cling to your handalso the microfib 34fingers34 can easilti catch on car trimi wont be use thi again to wash my car"
"i bought thi stuff and it didnt clean anyth off my chrome rim worthless crap wouldnt mind get my money back for thi red bottl of goop"
"not good for clean tub i believ the descript said it would work on tubsbathroom thi took a lot of elbow grea to do anyth i end up use thedico 541786212 nyalox cup brush 212inch blue 240 grit which work great"
"thi pump is not near as good as i wa lead to believeit leak the car wash liquid and microfib deterg so even after you are done it continu to drip make a big mess mayb it work better with someth thicker like a waxi regret my purcha and would have been better off just pour the liquid out of the contain instead"
"well at least ive never heard that befor but i will say it about thi product the jack wa unab to lift my car high enough for the 2 ton jack reccomend along with thi product so unless you have a dam even driveway get a jack that can lift a littl bit higher"
"all is good except the outlet hole is too smallit would be perfect if they made the hole bigger"
"if there are ani area that you miss and do not rin befor it dri thi soap leav major water spot and no it not my water sinc my water measur just 4070 ppm on the td scale for miner depositsth water spot can happen if you are soap the car in the sun and it is allow to dri on the car or if you simpli do not wipe down the insid of your door jam well etciv definit had better luck with other car wash soap"
"im a big fan of chemic guy product but id have to say these applic are just a wast of money and wast of time to use the most notic problem with thi poarticular product are the blue plastic sleev which hold the foam applic as seen in the product picturealmost immedi upon contact with the tirerubb surfac the foam come out of the plastic sleev and doe so repeated i tri applic with sever differ piec and it happen over and over with each of themcolor me unimpress with thi product dont wast your moneythey look nifti and fanci but they are hard that if you want qualiti chemic guy applic get the green and black contour applic which are also in thi section they are superbth ill just mark them down as an abherr"
"i am total unimpressedi ride a motorcycl and as most peopl who ride use waterless carcycl wash product all the time i have tri mani mani differ varieti and most are along the line of thi product griot garag 11285 sprayon car wash kit they leav much to be desir leav bug and road grime and leav a lessthan shini end resultthat said the towel are greatth price is 2999 for one bottl and three towel thi is far overpricedmi recommendationget the ez detail it awesom it appli even clean bug and road grime and leav a shini bike you can see it here but you can get it direct from their websit by the case that what i doez wax 579221 detail waterless clean wax 4 packi think that if you buy them from the home site they sometim send free towel with the order cyclic special offeri hope thi save you 30 buck lol"
"thi kit come with sever microfib cloth a larg jug of interior cleaner and a pretti sizabl bottl of leather care spray which wa impress but over im go to ere on the side of caution with thi particular leather kit it say it wont harm factori dy leather but after market leather is up for grab it doesnt state what the ingredi are anywh on the bottl or packag but it clear ha a veri strong alcohol and chemic smell to the like of hospit cleaner the smell dissip after about 10 minut but i wouldnt say you have a brand new leather smell afterward i have no doubt it will clean leather to within an inch of it lfe but condit leather to a suppl soft with moisturi not so muchi have not had the horror stori some may have had with it strip the leather but i believ it possibl base on the smell if you choo to tri it definit make sure you spot test an inconspicu area first and make sure your area is well ventil i think thi would work wonder if your deal with a musti or mildewi smell either way i would recommend condit lotion and not the leather care spray after clean ive tri sever leather cleaner and condit from coat and shoe accessori to blue magic to other name brand with decent result and noth that potent in smell i have to believ someth that smell that industrialalcohol laden cant be good for your leather long term"
"for thi price and qualiti and the buzz i expect more the wiper is realli like ani other out there so noth special about that especi if you treat the window with the rainx yourselfbut given it larg length it loo friction toward the tip you can see that it leav some water behindupd the wiper is loo traction and even after clean the blade it still doesnt wipe as well as it did the first day thi is bad sinc ive on use it a coupl of time in the past 3 month of purcha"
"onc winter hit and the road salt got on the blade they began caus a lot of smear i would high recommend rainx latitud but not thi"
"these wiper are noisi and leav streak i could tell they werent well made right when i took them out of the packag you get what you pay for"
"i thought thi compani wa consist with their product valu not on did i get plastic hook that i can bend with my fingertip instead of last year metal hook i found out they lower their price 3 buck 2 week after i bought thi just recentlythank for the lesson"
"i purcha thi and 1 other cargo net at the same time becaus i wa a littl worri of the potenti that one of them might be cheap and untrustworthi i wa about to ride 1600 mile on my motorcycl and didnt want to worri about my net break thank god becaus thi one is terribl youll notic that there are 2 differ net pictur on thi product page one with thick plasticlook hook and anoth pictur with veri thin metallook hook the net that arriv wa the veri thin one the packag read bicycl cargo net not what i would consid heavi duti enough to use on my motorcycl for 2 more you can find cargo net on amazon that actual are heavi dutyi find myself wonder if the posit review actual receiv the net with the thicker hooksmi recommend spend the extra coupl dollar and get the better net here oneb003m694t2"
"thi is not yellow it is clear 60 no use for exchang brake fluid in systemi want yellow or blue to see exchang fluid not possibl with thi itembewar you wil be unabl to return thi can through amazon"
"i had cloudi not yellow headlight on an rx330 bought the kit hope to get good result cloudi of the len wa partial remov to about 50 better than it wa i follow step close at the end the plastic len had more notic fine scratch than befor basic thi is a fine sandpap system it seem the final coat is just an oil base gel that make the plastic look wet and shini but i doubt it will last more than a week not fulli happi with the result on a whim i got out my novu kit 123 that i bought on amazon for plastic on my boat and around the home i gave the len a good novu 3 rub then 2 then the final polish coat novu 1 honest i think my result were much better than with the rain x kit less scratch and seem more effect i think the novu 123 kit cost around 12 but i cannot rememb as it wa a few year ago"
"either buy new light cover or deal with have dim light thi should have a travel carniv with it not worth it wouldnt use product even if it wa free"
"the carb spout is difficult to use and near worthless it on is leakproof in the extend outsid posit the spout is not leakproof when store insid the can and when remov ga drip everywh the voc or volitil organ compound permeat through the plastic over timei tri the camper fuel primu and msr bottl but they are aw expensivenow i use the empti can from the fuel south trufuel premix 501 product that i use for my 2 cycl string trimmer and lawn blowertrufuel 50fuel premix 501 2 cycl fuel 6 quart cansth can are under 6 each after sale tax at either low or home depotthey are dot approv for transport gasolin they are tin line steel so there is no voc permeat through their wallsthey come with a lock child resist safeti cap remov the cap and it pour easili into the motorcycl ga tank no funnel or carb spout is neededi do need a funnel to fill them howeverthey are one quart each carri as mani as you needbest thing is that they are free and save me have to recycl them or to put them in the trash to be place in a landfil"
"terribl qualiti these towel leav behind ton of lint and immedi began to becom threadbar after on a few month and limit use most of these towel are destroy"
"i bought thi on the recommend of review i had read on forest river owner groupfrogwebsit about protect your camper plumb when hook to shore water suppli after attach it for the first time it reduc the pressur to such a low level that there wa hard ani water come through the faucet i had to remov it to get a decent water flow perhap the shore water pressur is alreadi set at the correct pressur my camper alreadi ha a water pressur reduc built in but the valv prove useless for me wast my money"
"it leak right out of the box the littl hole on the top someon suggest it wa the diaphragm that wa protect our water line i find thi hard to believ sinc we have been setup at the same site for sever week prior to buy thi regul amazon did their part and gave me a refund i am go to email valterra just to see what they have to say for the price i had high expect"
"it doe a good job of regul water pressur i gave it a 2 star rate becaus the pressur gage quit after about 7 month after i got it call valyerra and explain the problem they said they would send me a new gage that wa 6 month ago so i email them still no respon"
"i bought thi base on all of the good review and i wa quit disappoint when i receiv the product the finish seem decent and ha good heft to it but the receiv is entir too small and it ha lot of play in the hitch furthermor where the receiv get narrow to allow for the dring to instal mine wa complet off center and uneven and ye thi is made in china"
"so thi hitchshackl is veri well construct but ha a huge flaw the edg of mine arent round over and it wont fit in my receiv i have a standard hitch receiv i think made by ree which ha a roundededg squar open not perfect squar i guess they tri to save cost by just use squar bar stock what a pita"
"unlik other review i would have to say i have been veri disappoint with thi product i have purcha two of them and one seem to be okay the second wa more than 510 psi off accur measur i check it against the first unit and a complet differ manufactur measur even the rather crude gaug on my air tank measur more accur than thi gaug at thi price the gaug should be veri accur and reliabl not the case for me"
"i use 3 can of thi low grade junk clearcoat after appli the basecoat it wa like glass when appli and finished2 hr later it wa like a satin finish looka dull shinec duplicolor for a refundstil waitingthey blow"
"i use thi product on a fender of a 2004 i knew it would not be a perfect match but thought it would be closer i probabl would have been almost as close look at the color of cap on the spray paint in walmart thi product would be better for use in a less visibl i touch up a small area under the door and that isnt bad"
"instal to the park light and fender light direct didnt match my vehicl seem like the direct were for an older model jeep wrangler i manag to get the park light cover on but not the fender signal cover need to updat your inform rug ridg"
"i got these todayand tri to put on car well guess what the hole at the attach point are way too small big surpri i would guess all these would be a standard size so bewar folk thi make them useless for me"
"it is hard to appli film your self might be better to let the profess do it i gave up after while"
"i wa abl to program the two remot i got and went through the process sever time some of the time the remot didnt transmit onc program they take sever tri right next to my truck to get them to work they wont work from ten feet away like my factori remot doe put in a fresh batteri didnt helpwhil they may work for other theyr useless for my 2009 f150 buy at your own risk"
"the moment i took these out of the packag and felt how abra they were i suspect that they would scratch alloyclear coat wheel so instead of first tri them on my 3k present instal lexani i tri them on one of my winterwheel beyern the wheel is clean alright but lo and behold that wheel now ha hundr of microfin scratch all over it the materi is just way too abra for alloyclear coat wheel it liter feel like the scrub brush we use to clean the showeranyway theyr great for clean calip so ill use them for that"
"my wheel have larg open between the spoke so i guess i didnt think out my purcha proper when buy thisif you have smaller open it may suit you but for me it just doesnt cover enough 34real estate34 for the work i have to do when i use it"
"you get what you pay for and the price on these should be 0 crack from the sun and discolor almost immedi bought a new set by adco and the differ is night and day the adco product are a bit more money but worth everi penni"
"the compani delet my review so i am repost it packag wa cheap and the whole led feel cheep and flimsi 2 out of the 8 didnt even work ye i know on one side is posit and i did flip them around veri cheap product i would honest on expect to pay about 5 for it"
"the product came in doa flip the bulb and still did not work after tri mani time i believ it is a contact problem the plastic fit wa too small in order to make a proper metal to metal contact for t10 bulb i would recommend jtech where i did not have ani problem with their similar led bulb have said that dome light bulb work fine"
"these work well but mine are veri blue not white they look kinda of white in the day light but veri blue at nightupd these start to flicker after about two month of use junk"
"ok so sinc ive purcha i had a coupl get realli hot on me and begin to smell of burn plastic and 2 which is also import is there not veri bright there ye high power but with a cheaper smd what a shame well lesson learn and superbrightl is the way to go except there alittl pricey but the smd are veri bright and wont burn"
"upon all the led light bulb ive been buy thi prove to be the most reliabl it ha a veri strong light penetr and last long though it break easili if not handl proper two of mine got broken while tri to insert them in their posit"
"ive had a lot of luck with led auto bulb off amazon these were the except i put these in my ford ranger and on 1 out of the 4 work had to return for a refund"
"veri poor madeim go to give them 2 day befor i request a refund well wait and see if they last they were instal in my licen plate and bare got them to work had to play around with the socket for them to fit im100 sure if i hit a bump theyll come loo and turn off"
"i found these light to be not quit as bright as regular 194 wherea there are plenti of 194 led replac light that are just as bright also i bought 12 of these 3 pack of 4 and three of them did not work 25 doa rate is a littl too high for my like no i did not contact the compani to get my few dollar back"
"if your rv weigh over 250 pound these will warp and give way under the weight i have a lighter fifth wheel and these dont do anyth but buckl under the weight of the trailer and sink right into whatev ground they are on even on cement pad they stink i went back to use precut hardwood plank and board and am glad i did dont wast your money on these piec of junk even the storag bag they come in is cheap flimsi and tore after one use"
"i wa realli hope that these would put out some good light but i found them to provid less light than the origin"
"i do not own these and never will for good reasonani bulb with a blue tint to it will have signific lower light output it best just to use regular clear one rather than these with a blue tint to the glass"
"first of all there is a slight differ in light output whiter than normal but to get that whiter look your gonna have to go to the 5000k diamond vision rang which turn out to be illeg here in australia best to check on your local law the beam output length is the same as oem and thi becom shorter as you go whiter in light these light are pretti much for look although whiter light ha more clariti you sacrif beam length for whiter light inten hid howev are the oppositeit is true what peopl have said about the life of these bulb they have none think of your normal oem bulb then reduc the life of that bulb by 75 that is pretti much all you can expect out of these dont be surpri if they blow after go over bump in the road ive been experi with a few bulb out there although phillip do make veri good long life bulb in the 3300k light offer 120 longer beam these whiter bulb 4000k 6000k just dont last and will end up cost you a fortun in replacementsosram bulb are much more durabl from what i have found still on my first set of osram nightbreak unlimit have last me 8 month and they do have a 20 whiter light ratinglet get seriou if you realli crave that white light for your car research hid xenon kit i know the white light is cool but be sensibl and kind to your back pocket unless you have cash to burn"
"i wa extrem care with instal these bulb but upon test out the bulb i found out that one of bulb might have been damag upon remov the bulb i had found out that bulb wa coat with weird materi i have instal and remov a larg number of bulb so i do not think it relat to instal issuenow i am stuck with one usabl bulb out of two"
"these are not hid like they are not even id without the hthey are not whiter not brighter and not even better than stockdont wast your time on theseth other rate you read here must have been paid for move on and dont buy these i just save you 30 buck"
"which is true if i wa chang the fog light while order the high beam the configur guid suggest these as low beam not veri good symmetri when obviou i wa replac high beam headlight not my fog light seem well made and great packag and amazon wa great about take back"
"dont wast your money on these bulb i instal them in my grand prix and saw no improv just a dent in my wallet dont fall into the hype like i did"
"i wa look forward to brighter vision especi on some 2lane blacktop highway that i travel realli disappoint with these bulb as they dont seem ani better than the origin light in my 98 ford f150 in order to get better vision i final instal halogen drivingfog light and that solv the problem i do not recommend these bulb not worth the extra money"
"my last set of bulb from sylvania were brighter than these and last 5 month longer the four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint"
"im tri them one more time then that it we bought these last juli now 13 month later one burnt out they put out great light at night but have a life of on a year is pathet mayb i got a bad one becaus on one burnt out and no it wa not from touch the bulb when i instal ani auto light i do it with a fresh pair of clean glove on my hand to prevent skin oil transfer i will tri them one more time and then move on to a differ bulb if they burn out in such a short time again"
"these are a great deal to replac stock bulb but if you are expect whiter light dont bother with these i instal the philip bulb in one side to compar with the stock no differ what so ever trust me these are not ani whiter color than stock"
"eh i have a 2005 acura rsx and these light look ident to the stock headlight in the car wouldnt recommend these as they dont seem brighter or anyth of the sort wast of money in my opinion"
"i know these are tricolor so depend on what angl you are at in front of them they yellow is too domin i have veri white led fog light and they make these headlight look like yellow fog they are bright enough to light up the road but next time ill get a whiter bulb"
"i purcha thi for my 2003 silverado 1500 as recommend i also purcha the updat thermostat hous as gm updat it for 0405 model everyth went perfect with the instal until i put the thermostat on i had the torqu wrench set to 15 lb as requir and the first bolt head broke off befor even get to the tq spec i then had to remov the part go to a local part store and pickup a nongm part sad when i instal the waterpump thi time i reus the factori bolt everyth is fine nowsad that i went threw the effort to by the gm canadian part as oppo to chine on to find that they includ some cheap bolt made of tin"
"thi hitch is a complet po the pin box the 234 receiv box wa weld in crook it wa so bad i could tell immedi with the nake eye upon test fit i verifi how crook the receiv wa with a level it wa off at least a 1434 absolut no excus for thi poor workmanshipeven for a chinesemad product mount a trailer to thi hitch would have been unsafei learn my lesson no more will i opt for the cheapest price item rug ridg should be asham of themselv for allow thi unit to be sold with their name on it"
"i orderd at least 4 none work until the final tryit work but ha no intal help like other have they all had bad disc"
"so i bought thi for my 2011 jk it doe not fit like it should in my opinion ye i had to remov the bar under the seat no big deal but i had to loosin up my front to seat bolt just to slide thi thing in an im 58 so i ride with my seat like half way back aan thi stick out like 35 inch out from under my seat an i couldnt push it back anymor due to the frame part of the seat i mean i still instal it an it hold my glock 23 perfect an there plent of room for more stuff i almost wish it wasnt so deep my pistol slide to the back an i have to reach my hand in there to get it the drawer on open up 12 way so the other 8 inch is a mysteri thing could easliy turn intop a pain to get out"
"i purcha a set of these for my 2013 subi outback26 driver 19 passeng even though amazon fitment said it wouldnt fit and they fit perfect ive read all the review about the wiper not make contact with the center of the windshield but as far as my outback goe they make full contact all the way across and are veri quiet i just got home liter an hour ago after drive in sever weather consist of a mixtur of ice sleet and snow and im veri happi with the perform im not sure how long they will last but i hope to get at least a winter season out of them in my opinion these blade might be better suit for windshield that are design with veri littl curvatur i also have a 2001 chevi malibu and on mani occa over the year ive had to be veri select when purcha blade becaus of the inward curv of the windshield so whi on 4 star dont know how long they will last if i get a full season out of then ill updat my scoreupd 6282013 i had to remov these wiper from my subaru outback after a few month becaus they start make lot of noi while in the rain i tri clean the blade multipl time and noth work they continu to clean effect but the contact noi wa not toler they are also slight shorter than oem and it wa caus my onboard colli avoid system eyesight to disabl dure rain becaus it would not clear len area effect i reinstal the oem wiper and all is well from now on ill stick to subaru oem wiper"
"put thi on my 2005 toyota priu and it worthless doesnt touch the windscreen in the center 23 inch thi leav a big wet streak right in your field of view stand still or a t highway speed no differ"
"thi wiper did not fit a 2006 cadillac st even thought it say it doe the adapt did not work"
"these had no effect and did noth on the led light i bought and on the one i alreadi had veri poor product i wire them up just as the instruct said so i had to send these and the bulb back becaus they flash to fast"
"im a car guy who use to own a custom detail shop and who ha hi car detail regular so im go to be a harsh critic of thi type of productthi is not a kit that you would keep in your glovebox for quick cleanup in fact it doesnt even includ ani cloth thi is realli just a trial pack with 2oz of five of their product probabl intend to get you to buy larger quantitiesth product areal purpo spraywindow clear spraydashboard protect spraycarpet upholsteri sprayleath care creamthey all work ok not great but they are also all scent some are lemonorang scent other are lavend scent all smell pretti bad in my opinion if i walk out of my detail shop after pay a few hundr buck and my car smell like thi i would not be happymi on real concern wa the leather care it seem to be veri oili and not realli like leatheriqu saddl soap or other product i usethi stuff might be ok for 90 of peopl drive around in ordinari car but if you are someon who realli pay attent to car detail you actual own an orbit polish thi is probabl not for you"
"my review basic say it all i did not have a chip i had a spider web crack about 1 inch by 1 inch thi did noth for it"
"thi product is ok but to be honest it can on fix a crack mayb 13 of a size of a penni i use it and it wa quit useless for the crack on my windshield i even bought two and basic you can on use it onc and that is it then it is useless i cannot recommend it base on my experi but if you have a tini tini tini tini crack that doe not even requir fix thi mayb your solut"
"thi stuff didnt work at all the intruct were a bit hard to understand but onc figur out the product wa a piec of garbag anyway didnt realli make a differ if anyth made the problem wor"
"not near as bright as other ive seen the origin incandesc light assembl wa a lot brighterth gasket doe not fit snugg in the hole open allow the light to just sit loo in it it would eventu fall out i wa abl to use my origin gasket but again the bright is the main issu should be twice as bright"
"use thi kit wa a lot easier than i expect and the result were pretti amaz it wa definit a bit of a mess but well worth it i honest think it took about as long to mask off the headlight with blue painter tape as it took to do the headlight sand and buf the sandpap handl couldv been better as mine broke apart onc i wa done with the first sand stage make sure to appli the uv protect about onc a month or your headlight plastic will mostlik start to suffer againedit 1514 sinc my origin review the headlight are now back to their old yellowi gross appear thi wa after method applic of the uv protect id say over the likenew appear last for just over two month what a letdown"
"as titl say i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it would probabl work better on older paint meguiar should have specifi in the descript that thi product is not recommend for good condit surfacesi do not recommend thi one"
"thi should have post the gaug for the wire which would help decid if it will work for you i would recommend do more research befor purcha"
"these are just too thin to hold much remov wax and if your go to do the job proper youll find yourself chang pad a dozen time while do the whole car easier to just use some good microfib towel and hand buff"
"if you want bonnet with the textur of a use kitchen towel and like to add swirlscratch to your car than thi is the product for you it is by far the worst qualiti i have seen thi isnt even microfib or clear coat safe i can find softer materi to use on my car at a 99 cent store the blue pad are serious the same materi the dentist use as a bib for patient it feel like a cheap plastic sheet of foam and the white buf pad feel like a dri up use rag you would use for clean kitchen counter dont wast your money on thi cheap repres shame on you turtlewax for allow such garbag product to be under your name brand"
"i on got to check it out a a coupl second when i touch it to the contact in my truck dome light it wa a bright clean light definit what i wa look for but when i wa instal it one of the contact snap off the circuit board the end contact are on attach via solder connect and it didnt take much for that to break look like ill just get a regular incandesc bulb from an auto part place disappoint"
"i bought thi main for charg my appl laptop and it didnt work i never tri it for anyth el so i cant comment on whether it work for other applic i wa disappoint becaus i thought for sure that thi one would work after tri other with lower wattag i end up send it back"
"the first thing i notic wa that there wasnt a seal around the len to the hous and that let water into the hous after the first rain stormth second problem wa that the left one develop a crack in the len and there is no visibl sign of impactth third thing wa that the light shake when go over bump and that is do to lite and weak plasticth fourth thing is the bulb are not halogen and produc a yellow light instead of whitei end up buy anoth lamp from anoth compani and that whi i can compar the qualiti of both lampsi of cour have instal these light to find all of the imperfect and can not return them so i am out of 50 buck buyer bewar"
"asphault smell to it stunk up the car a lot also rather thin so not optim for coverag spend the extra money on stinger roadkil product ha zero smell is much thicker and doesnt cost that much more anyon who done these instal know the pain is get your innard out to access the sheet metal whi go through that and instal someth substandard on point would be to have thi appli to somewh ventil like outsid of the interior of a car or industri useedit thi start fall off some panel dure winter with temp routin in the 30 i have to lower the rate anoth notch junki"
"got thi to keep my lawn mower maintain i keep it outsid most the year and wa surpri to read that thi product is not intend for outdoor use call the compani and they explain thi product is design to be use insid a vehicl kind of defeat the purpo of thi product"
"i am rate the product one star to draw attent to my review the blade itself is good the materi construct and water remov are all good i tri the c19ub on the passeng side of my gs350 and it work as well as the 24 factori one on the driver side the anco blade is mold with a spoiler which make it similar in appear to the factori wiper of the gs350 which is the holder and the refil assembl if i were to rate the product id rate it 3 star for the high cost not justifi by ani addit benefit over the factori blade refillth two point i want to make are1 attent must be paid to letter oe or ub at the end of the blade model i suggest use the amazon fit guid at the top of the product page or visit anco websit to find specif model that will fit your vehicl i order c20oe and c26oe from amazon vine which did not have the benefit of the amazon fit guid for the 2009 toyota highland and they do not fit i order oe blade think oe stood for origin equip my famili own and previous own toyotalexu car and i am on familiar with the cane handl type of a windshield wiper arm anco oe blade will not fit thi type of connector addit the product descript say that the blade ha an oestyl spoiler so it is even more confus what oe in the model number refer to anyway toyota and lexu have a cane handl type wiper arm and on blade model end in ub will fit thi connector2 i think these replac blade are just too expen i usual buy wiper blade refil at the dealer for about ten dollar for two these blade cost two to three time that depend on the avail of a rebat i tri a c19ub alongsid with the factori 24 blade on my gs350 and i did not find anco blade to clean the windshield ani better than the factori blade doe on one of my previou car i tri valeo 900 ultim blade similar to anco contour i had the same opinion that although these replac blade work well they do not work better than factori refil and their high cost make them unapp to me i do not find that at 23 time the cost of factori refil these blade work 23 time better"
"may 5 2013 updat well these wiper blade are a massiv disappoint within two month they began chatter and skip in the center of the blade on my windshield thi is unaccept in a wiper blade sometim chatter can happen becaus someth get on the windshield oil or the like not the case thi time the center part of the blade ha deform the wiper blade portion ha develop a fold over it lay over on an angl from press against the windshield ive never seen a wiper blade go bad thi fast or skip in the center of the blade chatter normal happen at the end of the bladethi 28 inch blade wa instal on a 2012 ford focu driver side replac a near 1 year old oem blade the passeng side blade wa not replac a good test for side by side comparison both blade are 28 inch on thi car the oem blade is a frameless blade just like thi anco when i return the origin blade to the car there wa no chatter or skip thi anco blade may work on other car or in shorter length but it flat is a bad blade in thi length on thi carth origin review post in april 2013anco contour wiper blade are excel bracket less wiper the blade instal easili and clear my windshield quiet and streak freei like these blade a lot better than the compar bosch blade for certain car a frame style blade is a better choic in that case i like michelin stealth and valeo betterthi 28 inch blade instal fair easili on my 2012 ford focu the packag includ four differ clip for differ applic choo the correct clip wa a minor pain anco clip dont look much like the ford clip i wa replac these contour wiper blade are a univ style blade they have no attach clip connect perman to them instead there is a hole with a rai ring on both side of the blade the correct clip for your car is snap over those two ring person i would rather have someth attach to the blade i understand it make it easier to manufactur a univ connectorth tini instruct sheet wa not terribl use it wa a seri of photograph and draw tri to illustr the differ kind of clip it took me a few minut to deciph those pictur when it come time to chang thi blade i will be confus the origin ford clip ha two veri clear mark button to relea the blade the anco ha a goofi look arrow that ha to be wrestl over a tab whi couldnt anco simpli replic the two squeez buttonsthi blade ha a realli larg spoiler over the spine the spoiler is design to catch the wind while drive down the highway to keep the blade press against the windshield the flap or spoiler is kind of ug and a lot taller than the ford oem blade that flap doe contact the wiper arm without affect perform of the wipernot great mount instruct and univ clip asid thi blade perform realli well a 28 inch blade is huge and is prone to chatter and streak the anco blade doe an excel job of clear my windshieldfor some car thi bracket less or frameless wiper blade is not the best arrang these tend to be older car with more vertic windshield the frameless blade dont work at all on rear window wiper for my 2002 buick rendezv i have found through way too much trial and error that classic wiper with a frame are the best way to go michelin make an outstand stealth blade that ha the frame enclo with a plastic frame for a rear window wiper there is no better than valeo blade the extra forc and slim aerodynam profil make these blade stick to the rear window wind come over the roof top will tri to lift the blade from the window if there is a spoiler on the bladeover anco ha an excel windshield wiper blade at a good price"
"i tri to instal thi on my 08 suburban and it doesnt have the right type of adapt includ the 08 and 09 suburban have differ wiper attach and although the part finder say thi work it doe not i even had sever other peopl look at it includ a mechan and we all came to the conclus that either the adapt is miss or thi is the wrong type for my vehicl live in raini florida i replac my blade frequent and anco is the first product that ha been not compat"
"a few of the review were spot on about the major flaw the biggest be you have to touch a button for it to do anyth that is simpli terribl i bought thi think the bosch name would mean someth but it doe not mean good in thi case not sure whi they even develop thi product i use thi for one of my classic car and as other have said if the power is interrupt you are back to squar one and have to push a button terribl design and think on their part i high recommend the ctek version instead ive been use it for year and it brought back batteri that my regular 2amp15amp couldnt that impressiveedit the ctek 3300 is a far superior devic for the same money ive been tri to use the bosch to get my camaro batteri charg without success for the last two week i hook up the ctek yesterday and 4 hour later the car start and wa driveabl the other advantag of the ctek is the memori for know last state so if there is power loss it come back to same place it wa also onc it done charg it goe into mainten mode automat exact how a product like thi should workctek multi us 3300 12volt smart batteri charger"
"have some experi with spray detail i had an idea what to expect basic some gloss a slick surfac and shortterm protect there is some controversi regard whether water bead is a sign of good protect but i wont get into that what water bead or sheet doe accomplish is it at least show the presenc of productth anoth way to show presenc of a car waxseal that a car detail show me year ago and that the steam test it doesnt measur protect per se it just show the presenc of a product so you can see how uniform it cover an area how easili it come off etc basic you coat some product onto a bathroom mirror and allow steam to build up in the room area of the mirror coat in waxseal will have a uniform layer of steam that is differ from untreat area it wont repel steam the barrier caus tini water droplet to build up uniform appear as if there is more steam there you can tri it yourself and see what i meani bring thi up becaus after notic that the v7 just didnt seem to do as much as other similar spray the gloss wa fair but not veri good and i didnt notic the extra water bead that other spray detail provid at least short term i want to see what it wa leav behind i did the test use the v7 along side a coupl other spray detailersth result surpri me the area treat with v7 left veri littl behind with some streak of presenc i also appli some meguiar uqw and turtl wax ice both of which show solid coverag and the tw had remark durabl to remov incid when i appli two more coat of v7 over it area it began to show more sign of coverag confirm my result thi appear to be an extrem watereddown detail high in alcohol so that it flash evapor quick it came complet off with a bit of soapi water wherea the other product actual were rather stubborn to removei give it two star becaus as a quick detail it fine it will clean off fine dust and fingerprint and leav a wee bit of shine in the gallon size the valu is fair but 18 or so per bottl is silli see as how it ha just about zero sealant properti and even the shine it leav is inferior to some 8 spray wax heard that cg is hit and miss with their product but v7 is gener regard as one of the hit in my experi it is not mayb they make some good stuff but thi isnt it i dont want to judg the compani by one product so ill give anoth one of their product a tri probabl i gotta say they do a realli good job with graphic design on their packag especi the vintag line i digress"
"way too expen for a such low qualiti product i justgong to use my regular product thu dont order thi"
"find a good dye and perfumefr deterg and wash your towel in it thi stuff seem to work ok on my foam polish pad but i wa abl to achiev the same if not better result by use 409 i dont see ani differ at all in use thi to wash my microfib stuff"
"i must not have a real applic for thi i use it jan 2013 on the window mirror and windshield of a 2000 silverado that had never been windshieldclay and it didnt appear to pull up anyth i use wolfgang clay lube and follow the direct but didnt see ani differ i fold the clay onc just to see if there wa a color or textur differ on the clay surfac and i couldnt detect ani not sure whether my glass wa old enough to use thi lol or just the wrong applic i do like chemic guy product to remov water spot but you need to use your da on it and i wa hope that thi could get me part there without all the effort"
"the bristl on the brush are basic strand of stiff plastic and i have not found it to do ani clean at all around the lug nut save your money"
"i wa expect someth that i could push onto my lug nut and twist and the lug nut would come clean but the bristl seem to weak mayb i got the wrong thing but thi isnt for me and it just gonna sit in my shed"
"i have wash these towel sever time and i cannot get them to stop shed like a dog they are wonder soft thick and plush but they just keep shed fiber like mad"
"i bought sever led light for my rv to test them out and thi one wa way too blue for my tast bright for the lower number of led it ha but the light doesnt match my other bulb and look unnatur to me"
"thi is no better than scotch tape i thought it wa go to be a flexibl fabric type product instead it is like a plastic tape that doesnt stay stuck i do not recommend thi product it a wast of money"
"i first wash the awn with soap and water and then use aceton to remov ani unseen film after appli the tape stuck for a few minut and then peel off admitted thi is strong but if on it would have stuck i wouldv been happi it may me that my awn wa too porou sinc it wasi old if you have a newer awn you might get lucki and it will adher"
"after 15 month in the sun it rot out not made for outsid awn as advert do not buy thi junk"
"got four of these and two of them dont worksend them back i would buy them somewh elseth are veri short and not that bright anyway"
"did not see anyth wrong or damag on the unit when it deliv so i mount the part that is when thing becam appar that it might be an unanticip problem the first thing i notic after mount it and close the hood wa that the design of the unit wa go to exagg a problem with the hood on the highway or heavi headwind the jeep hood alreadi ha a slight issu with catch wind and bounc up and down but the design of thi unit ha the deflector jut straight out befor curv upward thi creat an even larger point to catch wind and creat drag forc the hood to jump even wor and at lower speed so you tend to be watch the hood movement even more than normal second issu i had with the part wa the qualiti of the form at least with my part onc insid the jeep i notic that the right side look lower so i check the mount and everyth wa exact the same as the left side check closer it wa appar that the right side wa slight misform it had more bend than the right so that the top of the deflector wa lowerclo to the hood than the left ye it is quit notic from insid the vehicl but not a huge issu over i am consid just remov it and not have it on the wrangler"
"thi bulb is not 31mm it more like 33mm thi is veri import to know it not that bright though buy agt advanc german techolog thi is more like a cheap chine knock off"
"it worth the money even though it is sent with some hardwar that in no way fit my bikei had it reupholst and use differ hardwar to attach itwhybecaus i didnt pay much for it and it look great and give me what i want get away from saddl bag"
"never went into maintain mode after two day alway charg and that when i test with a vtvm the batteri fulli charg from use of the car start at 135 vdc took the charger off when the voltag at the batteri reach 1475 vdc and wa still rise look nice but thi one appear to be malfunct return to amazon"
"fail just after the time limit for return item to amazonth switch to select 6 or 12v is weak and easili move by accidentth schumach sem1562aca also sold by amazon is the same price automat sen whether it charg a 6 or 12v batteri no switch and ha indic that are easier to read and give more inform it also claim to have a desulf mode i purcha the schumach at about the same time and it ha been work without faulti would not purcah thi product again depend on cost and resist encount the thing may get return or trashedupd 325 two month after call on the phone get an author and send in the dead unit for a warranti replac noth ha arriv not on is the product defect but it seem the compani is as well i will avoid their brand and their hold compani and all of it brand as much as possibl"
"i use thi onc to charg a new batteri it work fine for thati left the batteri on the charger over the winter month and the batteri wa dead come that spring"
"the bd bm3b batteri charger is 34ok34 but i prefer a true smart batteri charger it work and provid good mainten charg but never stop charg the batteri which can overcharg ani batteri quick addit i bought thi pass on good experi with other bd product but thi charger is not made by bd a china compani just licen the name too bad"
"i happen across these while look for someth el they look promisingth pro reason price at 641 with free ship when i bought 2 of these metal free heavi spong with a microfib cover sure grip handl cone shape measur 112 on the end 212 on the handl side the clean area is approxim 8 long from the tip to where the handl startsth con weve use these twice now the wide end seem to be a bit too wide for our vehicl the microfib cover need to be remov to squeez the water out of the spong the microfib cover need to be remov to be launder when i turn the cover insid out i wa surpri there on a singl row of stitch which im go to say will fail short the microfib ha alreadi fray back to the stitch if these hold up ill consid increa my product rating9658 updat may 25 2014today i notic the handl specif the rod that insert into the spong on one of the two i purcha is loo the handl ha a long rod that is press into the spong is secur with glu i pull it off to see what go on the rod wa glu sparing in on 2 place the glue place toward the end had fail i reappli glue to see if i could secur the handl rod back in the spongethi is veri annoy after on 2 use ive drop my product rate from 3 to 2 out of 5 star"
"thi wa a 34eh give it a shot34 purcha and i alreadi regret the purcha the tip of the wand is come apart and it realli doesnt make the clean of a rim or wheel easier"
"i purcha thi product through amazoncom and while i wa do some shop at walmart i happen to find thi product at a lower price than amazon wa sell it atbut anyway i use the product on my brand new set of toyota headlight assembl and i mean toyota headlight assembl not some cheap knock offsblu magic 7306 headlight len sealer 8 ozth product doe not live up to it namewhat a wast of time and money buy thi productif you want to keep your headlight assembl as new as possibl i suggest buy turtl wax blue icey could appli the wax to hot headlight assembl no need to find a shadi area to appli best product on the market to keep your headlight look nice and clear"
"i could not rate thi product as it open up in shipment and the bottl wa complet empti i wa sure glad it wa wrap in anoth plastic bag which held about 12 of the liquid the rest wa aborb by the over size back it wa ship in"
"thi product doesnt even make a good boat anchor im it return asap it wa a failur to launch it never workedth wire instruct if you can call them that were horribl ive seen better stick men drawn im a licen electrician and thi one wa a puzzler even for meth good thing it wa made with the cheapest compon known to man which help the environ due to the lack of need part it save on weight for shippingth best part wa get it all instal and wait for the magic moment to have new light on my truckflip the switch and they say life is full of disappoint and thi is definit one of them"
"split the first time i use it and i have a 2516 ball save your money and find anoth manufactur for your ball cover need"
"these relay arent the best in the world i purcha 2 one for my reg headlight and one for my fog one out of the two wa bad befor i even got it in my car the other one went out 3 month down the line had to purcha some nicer more expen one so my light turn on"
"thi product claim to restor black trim and last for two week lol just wet it make it look new again so spit would work as good as thi stuff if you have car wax or car polish on the plastic trim especi dull plastic trim it is veri difficult to remov an old trick is to just put armor all on it that make it look black for at least two week the best solut is to use denatur alcohol be care not to get it onto your paint on a cotton swab or cloth rub and dri then put some armor all origin on there and your good to go for way longer than two week been do it for year on my 1990 camri and it work everi time"
"these suck i bought 2 of these for my car and on one of them work the one that did work wa blind and made the vehicl look tackywould not recommend"
"simpl quick reviewth work great for interior light if you have the roomthey are veri big so make sure you have the room befor you put them inthey have metal contact on the back of the led panel that can and do short out if you have a metal back in your interior light avoid themgreat light out put if they work in your light fixtureb care they are easi to break if forceda littl expen but should last for year if you have the right light fixtur"
"better understand now what you can do repair and what not if you are tri to mend a tear or rip just simpli forget it"
"will not buy again tooo small of amount and margin perform"
"product work great for three day then that wa it seem like a good product at first but definit cant recommend"
"but then after about 4 month of use it just complet stop work so i would definit not buy again"
"i bought thi led pack specif becaus of the agt brand what arriv are gener led in a singl pack not the 2 per agt bag see photo ye sure the bulb work and they do what i want and they are as technic describ 10x 194 168 2825 5smd white high power led car light bulb but they arent agt10 x wedg type bulb by agt packag 2 per plastic bag agt brand led bulb are known for use superior smd bulb that perform and last 2x longer than competitor led bulb be awar of seller sell nonagt brand bulb there are cheaper modul on the market they may substitut agt bulb never ship from chinahmmm surenot that you will find these are not a tight fit in the holder like the origin incandesc bulb and you need to tri variou bulb until you get a reason fit time will tell how long these cheap presum chine bulb lastunfortun amazon seem to be use more and more untrustworthi sourc"
"thi bulb doe not emit the light i wa hope for i suppo if i had more experi with led i could have pick a better bulb"
"new review after about 34 yearal of the lamp that were instal have develop flicker or have just gone out the vendor readili replac the first 23 that stare flicker within 2 week by now the rest have start flicker and one or two are complet darkthey seem fine if they are not on fulltim one in the parkinglicen light are the first to fail then the overhead dome light the best one remain are in the door on on when that door is open the dome light last until one day i had the door open for an hour or so while clean then a coupl of those start flickeringi havent contact the vendor again i dont rememb what the warranti is no sen in go through the troubl to get more of these just to have them faili suspect they are not run an adequ resistor if ani intern instead push for maximum output which rai temp and lower lifespanoh well may just go back to incandescent1 light qualiti typic slightblu led output they are brighter than incandesc in a nonfocus hous like a dome light and accept for clear marker light licen light etc veri happi with these in interior and puddl light and dome light they throw a lot of flood light in a focus len they are about the same as a filament bulb just not as much pinpoint focus2 bulb qualiti it a solid bulb that is a littl tight to instal but even in realli tight socket they did not break on me they run a littl warm in alwayson use so im not sure what to expect from them longterm of the 12 i have instal 2 have had one element each bulb ha five start to flicker the flicker would stop if i press on it the vendor ha quick replac the bulb and ha said theyll provid 90 day warranti thi work for me3 price 10 for 10 led bulb is reason keep in mind at thi price while some may have given me troubl the cost is no more than incandescent4 im give 5 star becaus the vendor and the low price make up for the problem ive seen so far it a neat product and afford to experi withedit dock one star to 4 aft a few month half of these have lost sever led element"
"i instal these in my 5th wheel rv and they work great i went in at the end of the summer and turn them on all of them are blink and some are complet off the circuit board cannot handl summer temperatur in a hot rv do not buy for rv usag unless you will on be in cooler climat"
"updat 09032013i just bought a bed rail kit for my truck and need to remov these from the stake hole to instal the rail 1 crack the plastic immedi as i press down on the screw of the 8 screw i attempt to remov 7 strip the head and 1 actual had back itself out befor i even got to it i end up crack the plastic off of them in order to get them out the aluminum block that lock the tie down in place had corrod and lock the screw in the block i like them when they were in there but thi just ruin it for me there 50 just gonein impressionsveri satisfi with thi product i am use them on an 05 dodg 2500 these kind of jingl a littl when drive etc but im not annoy by it at all my swingca tool box make far more noi they seem durabl and well made under load they will shift in the stake hole so theyr not line up proper no biggi just move them back"
"novemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is a year these are on a 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper blade all last over a year as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth replac blade i purcha thi time are michelin a hybrid wiper classic frame with full blade coveragemichelin 5022 stealth wiper blade 22 pack of 1the origin reviewth bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to a part counter and ask for a 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is a part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir a lot of car have two blade that are a differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also a and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual a clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack a windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang a lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is a direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about a year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me a moment to remov the old blade in a year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is a good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use a spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid a slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that a wiper blade last for a good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76522 assur black 22 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"the bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installnovemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is a year these are on a 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to a part counter and ask for a 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is a part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir a lot of car have two blade that are a differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also a and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual a clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also a good idea to lay a towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack a windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang a lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is a direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about a year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me a moment to remov the old blade in a year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen a wiper blade have a problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is a good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use a spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid a slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that a wiper blade last for a good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76524 assur black 24 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"i use thi to recharg an iphon and laptop and it work veri well the fan turn on under load and is notic but not a big deal sinc the radio and road noi in my car drown it out the invert is so small that a fan is a must to keep it cool advantag to thi unit are it small size which can fit in most compart in a car lightweight rel inexpen and easi to connect and use it also ha a 21 amp usb port that is veri handi to charg the phone or ipod the neg is the noi of the fan and the unit must be unplug from the power port in the car to turn it offthi is a veri use and easi to use invert it can also be attach direct to the batteri for heavier load but i did not test that capabilityupd 12913 the power invert plug no longer work the electr connect is intermit if i move the wire it connect and then disconnect indic a bad intern connect thi invert is just not durabl enough for me to recommend it i have deduct 2 star"
"never got it to workno help or support with softwareso i sent it back to get my money backthey should not sell crap that dont work"
"i had thi obd scanner for month befor recent have need to use it when my chevi duramax truck engin light went on i instal the softwar on a window 7 laptop and made the connect to thi bluetooth devic not a good instal program is provid the user need to know how to go into window and see which com port are be use to connect to bluetooth otherwi the setup will failth scanner read one dtc number but that wa it when i took the truck to the chevi dealer their code scanner came back with 6 error code glad the dealer mechan wa a good one and fix everi one of the 6 problem which includ replac one of the two nox sensorsveri unimpress with a scanner that miss 5 of 6 dtc code better to spend more and get one that will provid all the inform"
"tri it on two vehicl need to be reset by unplug and or restart my app a bit of a pain as i wa be cautiou and shut down the pickup and restart also did not read fuel set on my silverado that did work on doge ram 2500 it would be better to get a more expen devic that work and that can be updat"
"you expect clone to be qualiti realli whylet me list whi they are poor1 hand solder and bad done in mani case bad connect inside2 use a 5vdc power regul chip that is not ani good at all in car noisi environ nor did they add filter to protect thi weak chipthat is whi it die after work the car ac clutch cycl can blow up the 78 seri reg in side in 110th second a fact3 the processor and op code for the chip firmwar wa stolen for the canada compani that invent copyright it a hard cold factth real maker of the chip is here ask themhttpelmelectronicscomobdichtml4 the app softwar too wa stolen if you look close and see what you have you will find out it and illeg version of an american compani softwarec them and ask they will make your ear burn the maker look them up and ask themnow those are the fact and it is a cloney do get what you pay for when buy clone anythingif you had bought a real one it might stay workingh is the real tool and they do speak english and do take call and do have a help forum dahth real tool is herehttpwwwscantoolnetscantoolssmartphonethat be said i have 4 top brand scan tool but if you buy 3 of these clone for 17 on ani sunday one might work i have 3 but expect zero to workmi last one fail for bad solder insid im an electron tech retir and diagno it and repair itth next one that die i found the 7805 chip blown to bit that chip dont belong in car unless you know how to make it work filtersi do have a fix for it use a tv chip on the input of the reg it work greather is that 1 chip the cloner cant clone or want to buy on 50 cent in thousandshttpwwwdigikeycomproductdetailensmdj22casmdj22cactnd2409345that is the truth"
"thi seem to be work fine for me use the torqu app on androidissu i have foundth devic mac address is gener and can caus issu with multipl deviceshav to enter the password for the devic everi time the app is shutdown"
"never work right out of the box torqu would constant say faulti reader until 2 week later it larg stop work it would on send updat onc everi 5 secondsnot accept sent it back got a refund from amazon step up to the nongen scantool there appear to be sever differ copi of thi design float around here and ebay they all probabl come from the same factori in china and chang the sticker with their logo"
"would not connect from my 2005 dodg ram diesel to a toshiba a100 or a tmobil g2 with the torqu app"
"i bought thi for a 2012 jeep wrangler it fit great and doesnt slide around howev the black dye use fade fast it had fade to a dark reddishbrown about 5 month after put it on and that wa dure a time where i had my hard top on so it wasnt get barrag by uv raysi will look elsewh when it is time to replac it"
"doesnt fit well at all everi time you lift the consol it come off dont wast your money or time tri to make it work"
"the decal i receiv wa no where as clear as the imag shown on amazon it look great if you are 5 feet away otherwi it look like you are look at a snapshot of an 8bit video game veri low resolut ill post a pictur here soonupd i have taken the imag off my car sinc sever peopl have alreadi made comment about the imag resolut i contact decal kingz to tell them the product wa defect and want my money back they declin sinc i wa 5 day past the 30day return marks my imag for detail httpwwwamazoncomgpcustomermediaproductgalleryb005ol7k4erefcmciupdpimages2ieutf8index2isremote0"
"i bought thi think i want veri accur gaug one it is veri hard to coupl to the schrader valv to you i have found the accuraci to be question compar to other gaug"
"the rear of the meter is expo and veri sensit to the elment the panel fell apart as i tri to instal it i do not understand whi they do not instal it into a plastic box even to be use in a panel a box would make it easier and less fragil to handl"
"bolt on easi enough like other have mention it isnt 34level34 and your antenna will tilt furthermor ani antenna i would have use wouldnt have clear the stock jeep spare tire so i had to make a modif anoth bracket to mount to thi one if i had to do it over again i would have just made my own bracket in the begin"
"the say you get what you pay for fit thi is an expen solut to protect your door from chip how it work is you put a strip of semiadh materi along the edg of your door it not like pack tape but more rubberi the problem with thi is ye it will protect the edg of your door from paint flake off if you ding it howev thi wont protect your door from dent or larger ding like the thicker rubber trim will that you can buy so ye thi will work to keep the paint in place and provid a bit of protect but in my opinion thi realli isnt worth the money it provid too littl protectioni appli it to a honda ridgelin truck i have 4 door and on got one set so 2 door are protect 2 are not it import you clean both the front edg and back side of the door where the film stick otherwi it will fall offonc appli the film blend so you can hard see it onnow i am not go to ding my door to test thi but from initi inspect it doesnt look like it doe much good it like put lamin piec of paper on your stomach and then get hit you are still go to feel it it still go to damag but it will soften the blowa littleit a nice idea but for me thi should be market as a as seen on tv item for those late night tv shopper it a novelti item to give you the illus of protect if you want real protect you need someth thicker and more substanti"
"i bought thi bag due to the high rate i receiv the bag yesterday and not realli amaz by it it say leather shell but i doubt it it doesnt feel or look like a real leather to me it look a lot rougher than it show in the pictureth origin plan wa to put it on the fork on my 04 vtx1300c but it doesnt work i dont blame the bag becaus it clear state that it is for handl bar but the bag is pretti big to go on the handl bar i could easili put an arizona ice tea can in it with some extra space so i end up put it on the back of the sissi barpro big sturdi low pricecon veri stiff like plastic stiffupd 9172013after use it for about 15 mile on the sissi bar it scratch the pain of my fender becaus of the hard materi they call leather see the pictur that i put up"
"dont purcha thi item the strap that hold it to your handlebar are so thin you find your tool bag fli away also dont place item in thi bag you want there is no way to secur it from anybodi from open it unless you wrap it with a chain and lock go to your nearest motorcycl store and purcha your money worth and know you stuff is secur when you are away from your bike"
"i order thi vest in xl it say xl but it size so small it actual is a medium if your go to order thi vest make sure the size you order is three time what you normal wear order larger i order it so i can wear a hoodi under it and there is no way it would ever fit"
"vest wa well made howev the xl size i order wa more like a medium i normal wear size larg so i figur i would order an xlg and have some extra room for winter shirt thi thing fit like a medium cant even snap it lucki i had a friend that want it"
"i love the qualiti and construct of thi vest howev the size are not true at all they dont just run small they run ridicul small i mean a 4xl is too small for someon who wear xl my 4xl fit my daughter who wear a women medium it realli turn out to be a wast of time especi when i want the vest for thi weekend"
"i order a larger size as everyon said in their review to do howev thi wa so small i gave it to my son if you wear a xl order a xxxl minimum it may fit"
"the kn websit word charact both the ps and the hp seri filter as premium but the ps seri is certain not a premium filter at allth metal in the hous is thinner it diamet is smaller the flowhol around the central mount hole are smaller and the width of the seal gasket is not as wide there is a sloppi amount of glue between the base plate and the outsid hous the term contractor grade came to mind as be a cheaper bare function product design for a jobber not the endus with an eye on qualiti ask kn to consid chang the word of their product descript to more accur reflect the inferior qualiti of thi filter compar to the hpseriessinc i dont need the hp seri nut on top of the filter i thought id save a buck or two on a filter of equiv qualiti otherwi poor economyupdat receiv satisfactori respon from kn staff in their market and in their consum affair depart i identifi myself as a longtim custom and express disappoint that the ps seri fail to live up to expect base on their subsequ commun with me i remain a loyal custom"
"attract to their low price i tri substitut these led bulb for the filament bulb in a coupl of my motorhom overhead fixtur hope id eventu be abl to replac all of my incandesc bulb to save power to make the electr connect i had to pri the wire from the base slight onc i did that and ensur that the polar wa correct all of the led in the bulb came on but even with all of them work the light output wa nowher near as much as i wa get from my filament bulb though these are adverti as be white the color of the light wa a cool light blue cast a notat warm light the differ in light color and light inten between these led bulb and my regular incandesc filament bulb wa dramat as much as i would like to reduc my light power consumpt which would of cour great increa the time i could light my coach befor have to charg my batteri these wont do it for me sad i must continu look for warmer brighter led bulb"
"when tri to drive on these they often tend to move forward so your car is on the ground again sometim they move right or left even when you drive on them absolut in a straight lineto use them in a safe way youd have to block them from sudden shoot forward a long stick of sturdi wood will do the trick if you can fix against a not move object if the piec of wood is wide enough it will also help the ramp from misalign"
"these are not my first ramp they arriv in a huge box with a lot of packag paper so packag well i put both on the floor next to each other in the live room one of ramp had extra plastic materi on the center part of it bottom who ever took the plastic out of the mold didnt do a good job cut off the excess so one ramp wa swing lift and right as my kid jump on it while the other ramp wa perfect and not move so i use a small handsaw to finish it myself a veri simpl thing for the factori to observ befor ship a none conform partfyi i do have race ramp that i use for my lower sport sedan and they have a 10 degr slopeupd 6232013i wa tri to go up the ramp slowli sever time i over did it and the right side ramp went under the tire and the ramp wa bent the wall from insid broke off with the center wall twist and some minor crack appear so one mistak go up thi 17 degr will cost you 55 buck burn faster than a matchi did drive again on top of these ramp but not sure if they are safe for use i think a floor jack and coupl of jack stand along with a veri good knowledg of where to place and lift the vehicl is the best solutionus on a 2009 chrysler town and countri van curb weight 4750 lbsupdat 9202013i forgot to mention a day after the ramp were damag i call the manufactur and they sent me new one which im sell as is and sent back the damag"
"ive own both the origin and the new style nest rhino rampssinc they move on concret the origin were easili drive over given the veri low lip at the end of the ramp ye i drove over the origin and took a chunk out of the end as the ramp land on the rocker panel 34pinch weld34i sold the origin and bought the new style one hope they would be betterthey are not the end of the ramp split as they are nest after two or three usesth right wheel spun on my 2003 toyota corolla had melt the surfac of one rampth race pamp at three tome of price of these are perfect i dump these and purcha them instead of the rate are 5 star on amazon basic thi in one time that you get what you pay for"
"the ramp keep slide on the pavement so i put a towel under it did not work it seem on way thi ramp will work is to back it up with someth to keep it from slide return"
"so i want to add a batteri disconnect to my rv batteri and order thi but when it came time to actual put thi on i wa not impress batteri cabl wire size wa to big for the switch would have been better to see prior to purcha"
"ive been use meguir product for year and have been veri satisfi with mani of their product but not thi one ive tri mani differ type of glass cleaner from the age old windex to spray foam cleaner past cleaner and final thi one thi one is horribl while initi the cleaner seem to work it leav behind a thin oili residu on the glass in more than 30 year of detail and take care of car ive never encount a product that hazesfog faster than or more than thi one doe to make sure i test the product on all kind of glass from auto glass to window in the home mirror aquarium etc and even tri use differ dri tool from sever type of paper towel microfib towel synthet chamoi and the result were alway the sameit foggedhaz on all the type of glass in a veri short timedo not wast your money on thi cleaner ive found the veri best result come from just plain distil or ro water and a high qualiti microfib towel it doesnt fog wont harm interior window tint and cost practic 0"
"i thought thi product offer an easi way to transfer ani print imag onto my car like print someth on special paper that wa easili transfer over the oper word there be easi and there noth easi about thi process at least not for me the direct show a rather complex star shape which would be virtual imposs for the averag person to replic given the step requir preci cut the design out with a razor blade it would be painstaking tediou work for anyon includ a high talent artist to cut all that intric detail perfect and come up with a usabl design that didnt look like garbagea if that wasnt complic enough then you have to tape the design onto your car perfect and hope the stencil doesnt move one iota while you buff the paint off your car with actual sandpap all for an end result that look mediocr at best i guess if you have noth better to do thi would be a great littl project for a hobbyist but i serious have to wonder if there arent better altern that would take less time look 1000x better and not requir intent scratch your car in the processbottom line nice idea but not for me"
"thi kit is imposs to use and is not worth the money regular vinyl stick decal are easier to appli the fact that thi kit come with wet sand paper indic that it is difficult to use and may caus damag to the paint surfac"
"for those who want to purcha thi 45 degr turn stop it will leak when there is a rush of wast water come out the seal from the hose can not handl thi type of pressur the 90 degr turn will work better as the wast water doe not rush direct to the hose seal"
"ok i get that there are bound to be some doa bulb couldnt you just send a replac without have to return the defect one it isnt go to be repair so just show the custom that you realli want their busi and not make them send it back in the mail how much is it go to realli cost you"
"i put one of these in my rv porch light to replac the standard bulb and it melt i check the socket with a millimet and the socket turn out to be fine not sure if it wa just a bad unit or what but i threw the other one away as i have no desir to have a fire"
"light work but not as bright as i would like them to be nice for an area where you on need a littl bit of light"
"great price and great amazon servic but doesnt fit the first priu be care refund wa instant love amazon 2004 and older may work for you my ratng is not actual fair i know sorri"
"so i receiv them and they were most to long and didnt work correct they also had contact that were to far out so the led wouldnt work as well"
"i live in southern california where it is sunni everyday thi summer ha been around 90 with some heat wave of 105 day i purcha thi june 26th 2012 and now it ha complet fell apart thi product is veri cheapli made and is evid as soon as you open itconsit so thin and cheap that when it actual get heat up by the sun it turn into thin paper and just bend easili which can caus it to fall out of your windowaft two month the black felt around the edg of the sun shade ha start to flake off caus a horribl mess in my car everi time you remov the shade more come offalso the eye and other color now flake off so there are a bunch of hole in the shade on the paint sideprosit wa cool for the first month i had it until it start to fall apart"
"burn out within a few week notic burn insid unit discolor thermal protect doe not work seller ha not respond with ani replac or warranti info"
"origin review i have these in my ram pickup as backup light even though the len are shine up in the reflector they throw much more bright white light than ani other led setup ive triedupd order these in march instal them about 2 week after they came tonight 629 the passeng side rever light complet fail no strobe no flicker simpli will not light and the remain bulb wa veri hot appar these bulb although substanti brighter are not readi for prime time and obvious cannot be cool proper i replac the bulb with the origin led i had instal and will avoid thi vendor in the futur"
"sorri to say but these bulb are veri dull and a few i had to toss do to them burn up i must say some of you poepl make comment must have no idea about led the bulb are cheap garbag if you want true good bulb goto superbrightl you spend a bit more but you get what you pay for buy 2 from superbright then compar it to these i love the pictur they have up show how bright they are and it make me laugh caus just think about it you get 20 bulb for 10 buck and superbright ha 1 for 595 and it realli bright and guarant for life plu not china made"
"junk dont buy"
"i had to return thi scanner becaus of intermitt on off i also tri to find out onlineaboutthi model ms309 and i could not regist the item if i want to becaus item came from china with no registr possibl for thi scanner"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productinstead buy theinnova 3040 obd2 scan toolorinnova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesthat a friend just recommend which work on my 2001 acura mdxnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give a link error ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same link error the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about a minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not a us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on itwhen i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is a 19962012 car with an obdii connector it work i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state as long as you buy it from us we support it again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to a 2001 hondaacura"
"i bought thi turtl wax ice spray wax for the specif reason that it say on the bottl synthet formula prevent water spot i have use thi turtl wax ice spray wax twice on my jetski and it is still water spot everi time i take it out of the waterbefor i took my jetski to the lake thi time i use 3m marin cleanerwax first to remov ani old water spot then i liber appli the turtl wax ice spray wax and wipe it off i did thi twice just to make sure i had appli enough got back from the lake and the jetski is water spot everywh obvious the jetski get wet but not much differ than a car in rain or splash through puddl of wateri would be satisfi if the water spot came off easili but they dont i am go to have to use the 3m marin cleanerwax to get the water spot off again but next time i will use eagl one nanowax spray wax instead that is what i use on my two other boat 20 and 16 both fiberglass and the water spot come right off with anoth applic of eagl one nanowax spray waxth bottl of turtl wax ice spray wax call it the most advanc wax yet and that it ha a synthet formula that prevent water spot mayb i just got a bottl of water or they forgot to put in the ingredi that prevent water spot ill just use it on my lawn tractor as it rare get use in the rainover a veri disappoint spray wax product that is way overhyp"
"receiv quick tri to instal but would not fit my truck it obstruct the tailgat upon close is sent it back for a refund with no problem"
"had high hope for thi item but it doe not live up to the hype instal instruct were terribl vagu what a nutsert call the contact number help but after instal the bottom nutsert pivot part fail within 3 openingsc the contact number and while help they concur the instruct were an issu and made a few suggest includ send anoth instal kitsinc it would need to be drill out and destroy to replac i tri to tighten the nutsert to see if it would workwith about twice as mani turn as the instruct suggest it still pivot from the weight and let the bottom shock mount slip off and then the tailgat come bang downwil be return thi"
"thi is on for a dodgegot one it backi have an avalanch therer page doe not give you a choicealthough they say it custom fit for everi vehicl i call deez manufactur and they do not sell these amazon so watch your choic"
"updateth reason i wa have clean problem with these wiper blade is becaus their old i went to an auto store and replac them and wa inform of thisi notic a color differ on the rubber part of the blade these wiper were fade compar to actual fresh onesi would recommend spend a few more dollar at a store to get new one or get the cheaper one they work better then these in my casenow im out twenti buck plu the price of the new one"
"it wa not clear from the product descript but these are fulli enclo blade design to keep ice from caus them to lose contact i live in a part of arizona where i dont need that also these are about the ugliest blade ive ever seen big and blocki im sure they work great in snow and ice but i dont need that also they dont flex out at the tip as much as regular blade the the outer 334 did not even touch on the passeng side of my 2001 tundra windshield with the blade at rest"
"thought thi might have been becaus the wiper arm itself wa bent put the old blade back on and it hit the spot fine use on a 2009 camri tri bend the blade a bit to no avail still miss a huge spot right in the middl on the driver side part of the window will have to order a new one but will make sure it a differ brand"
"i have had good luck with bosch wiper in the past but these do a terribl job and leav ton of streak in the top half of the wiper arc i will be tri a differ brand next time outedit i replac these with some rainx weatherbeat wiper and the improv is drastic stay away from the bosch wiper and spend your money on someth that actual work as intend"
"just instal thi on my wife 2004 toyota 4runner and ye it fit even though amazon say it doesnt with that said they seem like good wiper i notic a littl bit of squeal from the driver side one but that could bc the windshield need clean or there wasnt enough rain on it at the timeupd so after have them instal for over a month now these wiper have a faint squeal to them constant which can be annoy i have the one that are step up from these on my truck and they dont squeal so in my opinion it worth spend a littl more and get the nicer onesupdate2 on a toyota 4runner these thing suck will definit not buy these again"
"i bought a set in may 2014 and instal them no issu instal them i inspect them on juli 12 2014 and found the wiper edg on both driver and passang side were separ from main rubber part of the blade i live in arizona and the weather is ha been hot but not so hot to make both of these blade disintegr after less than 2 month on the car when the rain hit my worst fear were confirm as the wiper did not wipe away the rain from the windshield like they should havedont buy thi inferior product"
"i wa super excit to get thi and tri it out unfortun despit detail research regard the proper size to get for my vehicl the attach system is total differ than what is on my car veri disappoint as thi wa a veri highqual wiper"
"unfortun i believ they sent me a returnrefurb product you know that need a chainsaw to cut open melt plastic secur packag we all love to hate that electron seem to be pack in well thi came in that howev there wa a cut about 34 the way up the packagejust enough to pull the unit out and put the unit back in it packag the box it wa deliv in show no sign of damag and that secur plastic of death just cant rip on it ownsecond i wa amaz to find 2 miss compon wonder if it is standard for all of thi type or if it wa just miss in mine screw to perman mount and most import an insul copper wire to ground the unit if your go to give us the option to screw it down in a vehicl then suppli the screw if you are go to sell a product that should be ground then help your custom by suppli that ground wire for cri out loudit also veri import to note thi can on suppli 140w of power when use the in car power plug ie for your radar detector etc the on way you get to 400w is direct connect to the car batteryi do like the fact that it ha dual ac socket howev it realli need more than a singl usb plug my intend use would be for trip and with on one usb charger that doesnt work when you have more than one kiddoi would recommend either go to a differ model with more port if you have kid"
"thi is the second type of led light i have test i order 2 of these light i measur the voltag and current at each light each light came from differ suppliersl light 112612v 1711a 21579 wattsl light 212581v 1723a 21677 wattsth light are bright but the dcdc convert is probabl run too lowth might be b stockwhil i wrote thi review i left led light 2 on to see what would happen when they got warml light 212638v 1638a 20701 wattsi wa go to give these 2 star but i receiv a refurbish unit i sent it back becaus the len wa crack and had a poor repair job the len have to be super cheap i dont know whi they bother repair themedit care with the len cover i clean mine and now it ha a white haze to it"
"these were easi to break and they did not fit my 2008 honda civic the descript of the product need to be chang so peopl dont end up buy thi and it doesnt fit their vehicl"
"dont buy thi tank there are sever out there much better design hard to handl have to lift front to drain make a mess hard to pull when full buy tank with 4 wheel that you dont have to lift front to pull one that work like kid wagon and that can be drain lay flat"
"not on wa it a disappoint it wa a seriou one no fault of the light as it work just fine the differ between thi bulb and the one that came with the rv wa liter night and day with these led bulb instal the best i can compar it to is a moonlit night no way i could read cook or do anyth with these instal after the sun ha set as said thi isnt the bulb fault becaus it work as adverti"
"ive bought smd countless time on amazon and i want the whitest smd possibl i wa replac the gaug cluster bulb in a 98 camri and need a few more i want small one with less smd sinc i wasnt sure about the depth for the bulb so i figur thi kit would be fineto be blunt they work well most of them some of them had the top smd blown out but it wasnt too notic in the cluster they all turn on and the cluster look a lot better but not much brighter than the factor bulbsth jtech are also in the 8000k rang which i dont like 8000k is white with a lot of blue probabl the closest thing to a solid blue led i definit do not recommend these for licen plate or park light sinc theyll attract too much attent and arent veri bright if your replac gaug cluster bulb then theyll be fine"
"i instal one of these led to replac a blown led side light in porsch cayenn the bulb illumin and is bright white howev it trigger a warn messag to check side light while these bulb are veri low cost and id recommend them for a standard applic these dont appear to be suitabl for an errorfr applic requir a canbu builtin load resistor"
"mayb other peopl will have differ result but i wa extrem disappoint i bought these bulb to replac the fair dim bulb in the dash of my 1996 ford pickup which ha 194 style bulb i had alreadi replac my dash bulb with the 34high output34 filament type 194 bulb they still werent bright enough for me so i decid on led these jtech 5smd bulb were a veri slight improv but not worth the troubl the bulb have some seriou drawbacksfirst these bulb are polar mean they on work in one direct in the vehicl most dash light that use 194 bulb arent alway go to light up all the time i want to replac the veri dim warn light as wellyou cant just make all the warn light come onther no way to tell for sure that you have instal the bulb correct there is no indic on the bulb to denot which side is to be for posit and which side is to be for neg i had to remov all but the illumin bulb which i wa abl to check the function ofsecond the bulb are veri flimsi and not well construct the led portion is not veri secur fasten to the plastic socket assembl addit the 34plug34 use cheap ultrathin wire as the contact which is veri easili bent out of posit you must ensur that the wire is in exact the right posit and if you have to bend it veri far it will break i have veri littl to believ that these bulb will last ani length of time at all one of my dash bulb ha fail in less than one monththird and thi is my fault for buy the wrong style led not the manufactur fault on the flat 34top34 portion of the led actual doe anyth if your tri to use these for a dash illumin applic these might work where there is 360 degr unobstruct area around the bulb but even when use in a reflector in the map light of my littl toyota the light output is scarc more than the 194 filament bulb that it replac there are led with 4 or even 8 smd led that are mount flat on the top of the plastic plug assemblythi is what you want for direct light outputbottom line if your look to purcha the least expen led bulb thi is it if you are look for a wellconstruct bright bulb to replac your dash light thi is not the bulb you are look for to be fair these bulb would work fine if your not need a direct output light and where you can check that the polar of the bulb is correct befor trust it to work"
"i tri thi after a friend recommend it to me say t last a few week and had good shinemor so then ani other tire shine i have use you must make sure your tire are 100 clean if not after appli thi product you will get brownish stain on your tire so use a good tire cleaner or degrea to prepar it for the shine coatingit ha more of a matt finish then a glossi shine even after duplic coat it seem to contain a larg percentag of alcohol as it flash dri rather short after spray it it also did not last long for me on a few day at bestnot worth the effort there is much better on the market i like meg endur for an otc product and ultima trim and tire guard for a mail order product"
"i follow the instruct clean the tire with a bristl brush and soapdri it with towel then i appli the product thi morn my tire have a thick plastic feel brown residu all overlook like rust mix with mud when i use thi stuff befor it never left a brown residu just a horribl attempt at a shineover thi product suck and now i need to figur out how to remov the brown resid it left stick with mcguir from now on"
"i bought thi product two can a few week ago from anoth site and it is not what it claim to beit left a white gummi residu on my tire and no shine i eventu had to return one can"
"lamp did not fit as promi should of return them but too late now did not fit the socket for the lamp on ani light of the car"
"i bought these light to replac the 20w light in my camper i have alreadi bought a coupl of led light elsewh and i am veri happi with them but the cost wa too high to replac them all in my camper i bought these 2 light to tri befor buy a 20 set the first thing to watch out for is the wire on both of these light were cross when i tri to instal them the first time thi result in a quick pop and a littl char on the light fixtur i remov the light and bent what wa left of the wire into place the second tri work well the result light is veri blue and nowher near as bright as my other led light they are not complet unplea but are more like night light than read light i didnt want to wast the bulb so i move them to the bathroom where we leav the light on all night i will not be buy ani more and would on recommend them for landscap light or night light"
"updat i went to a drive through car wash and to my surpri the car wash bent the front licen plate all up i remov it and straighten it back up and tri to put the plug through the bottom the licen plate but the thing rip right off i wa pretti piss 20 piec of rubber use for protect that cant even be instal with out malfunct then while poke a hole so can run a screw on the bottom the screw cover piec of rubber rip off i lost faith in thi for protect i end up use zip tie to keep the bottom from be lift up at the car washth compani also give you i think 5 to write a review if you purcha one but do yourself a favor and just buy someth elseso i put thi on a 12 kia optima here in cali you gotta have the front plate so i wa on a search for thick licen plate frame and stumbl across thi on amazon it not a bad price after see the littl thin one that offer no protect at autozon for about 1015 i havent test it but im sure if i wa to go battl with shop cart the bumper will be protect as long as i hit it dead center with the rubber framei wa debat go with the hd frame but couldnt justifi spend 20 more on a 14 of rubber"
"the first one explod when i accid rever the polar and the second i bought the switch to turn on the usb doesnt usual work with out be flipe back and forth a few time and sometim even then need pressur on it to stay on the screw that hold the bracket togeth rust and now i need to chang it with a stainless one cheap fix but still a pain from a new product"
"i purcha these extend for 26 i bliev and took them to discount tire to have them put on my dualli motor home they had a difficult time put them on after they instal them the tire leak all the air and went down 20 pound of air pressur luckili while on my trip i notic the back driver side tire wa low a tire compani i took the motor home to check whi the tire wa low took it off and show me that the end of the exten were crush and caus the problem they check the tire by submerg it into a water tank and there wa noth wrong with the tire had them remov the exten and didnt have ani more problem on 4k mile trip"
"these did not work for my car even though they are suppo to be compat be care and make sure you proper instal them"
"i have a 2003 chevrolet taho and these backup bulb will not fit into the socket thi wa a total wast of time and i return them for a refund"
"i do not know how bright they are becaus they did not fit ani light assembl on the car uhg"
"these work as a 3156 backup light but not a 3157 my 96 f350 need 3157 for run turn and break light these dont work i plug them into my backup light 3156 and they did work"
"instal one then compar the bright at night veri lilttl if ani differ between thi bulb and the 4 year old oem on he other side dissapoint"
"didt work the plug were off set and the fuse will not plug into them thank to amazon for refund me my purcha price becaus all they did wa take up room in my garbag can do not buy these unless you plan on throw your money away"
"i wait for actual snow befor write thi review it snow about 3 inch so i unpackag thi unit don my glove and hat and set forth to clear my car there are two clip on the unit where the handl is store unclip the handl and adjust for size i have a small suv first setback wa the unit handl lock and unlock system is tight and secur realli realli tight and secur after some grunt and twist i got the thing set up when tight unlik the photo the scraper is at a 90 degr angl to the snow pusher more on thi later the foam snow pusher actual did a good job and clear snow clean with no mar it seem to hold up to the usual edg and bump from wiper antenna etc and the length made the job quickaft snow remov i use the scraper end to get the light coat of ice off the window becaus the foam pusher end is at 90 degr to the scraper you end up tri to manag scrape with a wet 18 inch or so pusher end orient up and down drip ici water on you while tri to scrape horizont tri to unlock the handl for storag with wet cold glove wa an exerci in frustrat i manag it by sit in my car for some leverag now im no weakl but i cant imagin a slight built person or a lessor grip actual adjust thi thing on a cold dark wet ici morn with cold wet finger i wa soak by the time i wa doneover a good idea but poor execut"
"wiper came loo and allow arm to scratch wind shield i even check sever time to made sure wiper are attach secur lousi design"
"i remov the driver side wiper blade from my pickup i wa unabl to instal the acdelco with ani of the adapt that were furnish i went to the amazon web site and enter the inform for my vehicl and the respon wa that thi wiper blade wa a match for my vehicl so it must be just me that cant get it instal and i need to tri a differ approachi took my frontier back to the nissan dealer where i purcha the vehicl i ask the dealer to instal the wiper blade and while there go ahead and chang the oil and rotat the tire the dealer did the oil and tire thing as usual but wa unabl to get the acdelco blade to work i ask him to put my origin blade back on which he did and i recycl the acdelcoagainst the advic i did look thi gift hor in the mouth and it had no teeth"
"the wiper come with sever adapt and you have to choo the one that right for your car unfortun for me the one that right for my car is huge and veri distractingi notic it right away as soon as i sat in the driver seat it actual imp on my vision just a littl on the bottom of the windshield it had a higher profil than my other wiper which i left on the passeng side for comparison purpo and it wa just distract becaus of it bulbou shape when i turn on the wiper i actual felt like it wa danger becaus it wa such a focal point that my eye kept go to the adapt while i wa drive in the rain everi time the wiper went by i couldnt help but notic it again like a giant black bug or someth you just cant not notic it i hope it would get more invi to me as i got use to it and continu drive it wa a long drive home but that didnt happenit make veri good contact with the windshield and work well with no miss spot on the windshield im guess that if you need ani other adapt than the one i need youd probabl be fine but the one i need just made it too much of an eyesorei had alreadi thrown out the old wiper so im out of luck and need to buy anoth one now"
"these wiper requir replac the entir wiper compon not just the plastic part so the first difficulti i ran into wa figur out how to get the origin one off as thi isnt even in my car manual had to googl it to find out how to do it then to put the blade on you have to figur out which adapt to use and how to snap it into place the direct for thi are ridicul small and imposs to deciph so it pretti much a trial and error thing onc i got it snap on i wa abl to put the blade on and it seem to work reason well enough for a coupl week that wa until i wa drive in a slight drizzl turn on my wiper and i guess the window had some dri spot that caus the blade to stick a littl bit and the connector just snap off send the entir blade fli through the air thank it didnt hit anyon or anoth car or i could have had some real damag to pay luckili i save the origin wiper which went back on the car asap these went into the garbag i will note that my wiper use the jstyle connector and anoth review mention a similar issu with their car and the same style connector so it may be a particular issu with thi one howev i am just not sure i would trust these wiper and these connector that arent perman attach to the wiper and prone to just snap apart"
"these acdelco wiper blade ship with multipl adapt so they will fit a varieti of vehicl the instal direct cryptic and virtual useless i wish id notic the video provid on the product page befor i did my installth adapt are bulki in size and are notic distract in your field of vision when your drive furthermor both the adapt and the blade are made of plastic similar to what youd expect from a chine made dollar store toy the blade feel super flimsi and do not even have the strength to hold the wiper against the curv of the windshield from end to end the actual rubber wiper doe a decent job where it touch the glassth blade come equip with a wear indic that is suppo to let you know when it is time to replac the blade i do not have ani expect that the blade will actual last long enough for that indic to be neededthi review appli to both of the two differ length of blade i test"
"i wa person quit disappoint with thi oil after get my new bike and fill it with the other castrol 4t miner base 4stroke motorcycl oil it ran smooth and shift with littl effortbut thi synthet stuff is just terribl in comparison hard shift miss shiftsjust not for my 1 cylind push rod 4 stroke 250cc wet clutch"
"thi thing is so bulki and heavi and unbalanc i took it out of the box and put it back thi would be good for noth more than take off lug nut onc a year for a rotat there are smaller more power electr impact gun on the market that you can fit insid a wheel well let alon an engin compart"
"im veri disappoint in thi wrench the 12 volt wrench like thi is bettergo figur i just perform a strut job on my toyota and it had troubl break the bolt off and the 12 volt could break em im glad i decid to purcha the 12 volt version of thi as well the click of the 12 volt drive me nut but at least i know them bolt or nut are come off i guess thi wrench need more power or sum thin im not sure it just doesnt work well ik alreadi i will be use the cheaper impact as it more handi becaus of it compact size compar to thi and it just work better i guess i will just keep it for backup good luck on who el decid to purcha thi mayb you will have better luck"
"ive been use microfib towel for year they are absolut the best way to wash and wax your car befor discov the hein towel i use the standard yellow one they do a good job and arent veri expen when i got the hein towel i expect them to be veri similar to the pile of microfib wipe that i own i couldnt be more wrong these towel are actual differenti figur that microfib is a commod and that one brand is pretti much the same as anoth thi one isnt the towel are notic thicker softer and more absorb one of these towel last as long as two of the other when i am dri the car they wash clean on the perman press washer cycl and dri on the warm set on my electr dryer at about 175 each they are reason price person i prefer the light color towel that show ani dirt pick up more easili the dark one tend to hide the dirt a dirti towel can scratch your car finish tri these they are absolut greatnew inform 5162013now that i have had these a while some seriou problem have emerged1 these towel are not veri absorb i have a coupl of dozen of the basic yellow microfib cloth they soak up the water i tri these and they didnt drink veri much i wash them and they still dont begin to compar with their competit it took a while to learn thi due to the veri raini weather here2 they shrunk the cloth start off be a nice size and veri thick after one wash they are now smaller than my old clothsa a result of these issu i have remov some star"
"i use microfib cloth almost exclus for most household garag and woodwork use from clean stove top car glass window wipe dust off just sand woodwork etc i current have two other brand in hous both purcha in 36 pack so i welcom the chanc to test thi product head to head in all the usual daili use mention physic these are the same size same makeup 8020 and subject near the same knapp or feel to hand as the other product they perform exact the same both wet and dri rin the same and dri in the same amount of time other than color i could detect no differ so whi on 2 star these are near 4 time the price of the other brand test per clothmak no mistak these are top qualiti microfib cloth fluffi and not thin do everyth well and rin easili but so do the other brand and they do it much much less expen"
"these micrfibr are meh for remov wax make you work harder than you need to i tri them out becaus they were a good price but i wouldnt buy them again i also tri use them to quickwax the car it just seem to move the fluid around the paint and doesnt take it off it work a bit better after i soak them in pinnacl microfibr deterg but i recommend the meguiar x4014 10000000 time over these you get what you pay for"
"unfortun i wa feel cheap when i decid to replac all my bulb now everyth flicker i feel like there is a disco go on when they are in use just pay a littl extra for some qualiti your not go to be happi for veri long with these"
"product work for a week fine after that the bluetooth would not pair tri all code and differ devic but would not work dont buy"
"you have wait till it dark to know if these are on or not cant see them at all in the daytim"
"i simpli cannot recommend these for rever bulb both bulb had most of the led not work and they are no where near as bright as the factori bulbsprob due to the led not light up"
"i realli wonder about the good review thi seat cover get the back part of the seat cover is made of women panti hose one of the one i receiv wa rip out of the box the front part you sit on is tough enough but it attach to nylon back same as panti hose i kid you not 20 worth of aggrav is what you get mine is be return at no cost thank to amazon realli now when i ask for canva tough seat cover thi is more like the seat cover for drug store cowboy it wont lastit wont wear through though it will just come apart the stitch it like stitch toilet paper to saddl leather just not go workb care instal rip easi one of mine wa rip out of the boxi hope we didnt make thi here in the usa shame shame3rd time a charm june 11continu of the dicki seat cover sagai got anoth one in the mail today it rip also put it on wor than the other one that came rippedno way these will hold up sent them all three back two rip and one veri care rebox thi 3rd one did not rip at the panti hose materi seem but right in the but area where the canva is sewn togeth where you sit realli bad dicki i did not sit in it happen dure instal rip complet outi wa be care instal so there pretti good seat cover for all you drug store cowboysworth the 20 nopoor dicki must be hurt"
"thi gaug is terribl it doe not inflat well the trigger pull is tini your hand will cramp up befor someth is inflat even a soccer ball took minut to inflat trust me view what other custom view after thi item and tri those pass on thi dont get sucker in by the low price"
"there are some confus review for thi product that made me curiou enough to buy it to clear up the confus thi tire inflat doe not readili work with presta valv and it doe not ship with an adapt so you will have to get your own adapt i am primarili use it for my bike tire that are rate 110 to 140psi my compressor produc about 110 psi mayb a bit more even though thi inflat is on rate up to 100psi i with the 200psi gaug thi allow me to check and correct the tire pressur quicklyi tri the inflat with a car tire and notic that the mechan that clip it to the valv is a bit unusu and flimsycheap air will escap unless the hose is held total straight and there is no later forc to the connect thi is a bit difficult to achiev thi is no differ when i use it with the presta adapt i am not sure i would order thi product again"
"they look fine for a few minut after turn them on but then they turn a veri undesir shade of purpleish blue i order four two pack of two and all of them did thi in contrast the 42smd model work great i replac all the bulb in my camper with those about 16 total have been run them for hour and they put out a much more pleasant white light the bright of the 42smd is about the same as the 68smd anyway if not a bit brighter"
"weak implement of a mediocr design"
"smaller than expect but pretti thinnot plenti of lint too i dont think theyr worth the savingsid rather pay more and have a much better product"
"i wa hope for someth that would easili and quick remov water spot while it will remov water spot that are veri light you can get the same or better result use a pasteliquid wax that ha some builtin cleaningpolish agent the meguiar water spot remov did not work on some water spot in one of our sink and the water spot were fresh i use a polishingclean wax and wa abl to remov the water spot i think meguiar need to spend more time at the compani and less time out with hi show late i am find that about 12 the meguiar product i buy are a wast of money and i can find a better product from a competitor a few of meguiar product are realli good thi is not one of them"
"well thi wa a wast of time i tri it twice and didnt get ani better and on the packag it say 34 guarant to remov your oxid or your money back how can i get my money back i dont know if i should tri anoth brand"
"ehhhh what can i say it black past there isnt a 34wow34 factor here and the instruct kind of scare me about get it on anyth but black paint so far not impress it come in a past tube which crack easi and allow oil from the wax to leak out appic is easi as usual and it give a good decent darker shine not what i would call a 34wet shine34 i think the idea here is that thi will cover scratch or swirl on black paint not what happen in realiti not feel thi one folk"
"i have been wax car for the better part of 35 year mayb it wa just the car i use thi on but i wa not impress at all with thisth tech wax and number 7 glaze for sure work better on my mini i found thi hard to remov and it had a lot of smudg to it i tri it by hand and also with a machin still had poor result and will re do the car today i am go to give it a tri on anoth dark car i have and see if it is ani better but for now thi doe not work for me and i use almost all of meguar product with no issu"
"i had thi cup holder for about 2 week befor the bolt that held the up came loo and my cup fell off i wa so mad when you get it make sure everi bolt is tight or you will loo it"
"be that thi on come in one size that a big downsid i hope to see 3m make other size avail for bigger applic like most peopl are do i instal thi in the trunk of my vehicl and did not notic a big differ in road noi reduct i think there are better altern ive seen big mat and bigger roll through other vendor onlin over unless thi is just for around speaker i dont think thi will fit mani applic unless you want to buy a lot but if you are buy a lot there are some other semi and custom product to fit your exact need"
"these sound proof mat are extrem stiff i want to use them in my vehicl tailgat i took the precaut of take a hair dryer out to warm them up so they would fit secur sinc the floor ha some veri wide groov even with that these would not conform to the floor they lay on topit would take sever more purcha in order to cover the whole area there are numer other product out there that seem more reason in cost with thi partial coverag there is no differ in the sound level and i have no confid that these will stay on with the constant load and unload of item sinc they refus to stick to the whole floor but just the top of the wide groov surfac wish they would state that surfac must be complet flat it doe show the mat bend to the curv and bump of a door in their direct sure didnt work for me"
"these are basic cheap made in china microfib towel each one ha a label on it in addit to edg both of which i believ can scratch your paintyou are much better of with edgeless higher qualiti microfib towel"
"my car ha littl door for the port to plug in thi one but thi guy is too big so i cannot close that door look for smaller altern"
"the pictur show white plastic bottl i did not receiv these the pictur of thi product would make one beleiev that these are thick plastic bottl the bottl that i receiv where not mark in ani way to show that they are from chemic guy and they are clear plastic the sprayer that were includ with my bottl do not turn off when you tighten down the nozzl either"
"the green section is open cell foam like the dark gray foam although a littl denser but be open cell doesnt stop dress chemic from soak through to your finger"
"what you want is a blutooth version of thi devic and an old andriod devic or crack iphon to use the blutooth function fu appl for connect thi use wifi make your phone useless you will not be abl to connect to the internet use your lte if you have an iphon it tri to connect through the wifi which is connect to thi devicei tri use engin link softwar and wa not happi with it that did not sen my fuel tank and flow function"
"i had some plan for thi that includ a vanguard gaem portabl game system suitca with a 19 monitor in there that also mount an xbox or such insid for portabl game the xbox itself use 175w the monitor a fraction of that yet thi would power neither of them not concurr nor individu nadai pull my harmoni remot charg base in the car tri that and that would power so i knew the invert at least work and isnt defectiveusb charg work for my tablet and my phone although it far more conveni for me to use my dual usb cigarett adapt for thing like that rather than the larg box hereth other major complaint i had is the short cabl for the cigarett lighter give me someth long enough to reach the back of my suv where im more like to have thing set up that need ac power the provid cabl wasnt even long enough to reach from the center mount dash cigarett jack to the armrest between the seat a short straight shot i had just enough to reach to put the unit on one of the front seat that wa it and sinc not all vehicl have a rear mount cigarett plug someth i think all auto maker should do i have no el i can plug it inhad it work i probabl wouldv given it 4 star take one off for the shot cord but sinc thi 500w unit couldnt even power someth at about 30w let alon someth that on use 175w it complet useless"
"thi is unbeliev i thought i wa buy from a reput brand thi is my 2nd energ or i guess power bright is their manufactur invert i got the 1st one earlier thi week it wa return the day it wa receiv becaus one of the 120v wire come off the main board hasnt attach it had come off it wa hold on by 1 strand the replac came in today first thing i check wa that wire through the grill slot it wa attach plug it in to my car batteri via the attach clip power up just find attach a 50w led work light 50 watt load at the plug not 50 watt light output work just fine fan didnt power up attach a 175200 watt load my dremel rotari tool it pull 15a ive test thi with a dmm with the led light there wa a sizabl arc insid the unit it continu to arc follow quick by a fire and a lot of smoke until i remov the posit termin of the batteri from it look like a fool tri to blow through the fan open to put it out then quick snap a pic with my phoneunbeliev thi is suppo to have the usual safeti circuitri built in none of it work as design it continu to short intern with my batteri connect thi is a danger to anybodi who use it with high load i serious question the engin design and manufactur if i had 1 dead on arriv and the 2nd caught on fire due to some intern fault im not go to take it apart to see which compon fail it total unacceptableoh and if anybodi say that dremel wa too much for it ive measur it pull 155a at 110v modifi ac sin wave from my cobra 500watt power invert i have perman mount in my car you know the 25 dollar one on amazon right now i use it on that thing frequent with no issu i step up to energ think it would be a good product but the dirt cheap one that ive had a year or 2 work better"
"it work good just as most of the review have said but the one i got stunk veri bad when i took it out of the box the smell is similar to the smell that i have found on shoe tool and other product that came from china appear to be someth in the plasticglu they use im a smoker so my smeller is not too good but i can smell thi thing from across the room im surpri becaus i read a lot of the review befor i bought thi thing and i dont rememb anyth about it smell so mayb i got a bad one ive had thi thing out of the box for sever day now but the smell is just as power as the day i open the box for the 1st time ill be keep it becaus it will be use most outdoor were it dont smell as bad but i wont be buy anoth or recommend thi thing"
"thi invert is nonsinusoid basic thi make it unfit for your expen electron like laptop i plug my macbook pro ac adaptorcharg into thi thing and it flash my screen like a christma light i hope it not damagedit come in one of those cur weld plastic display hanger that you have to destroy to open that ok though becaus i feel sorri for anyon that would buy thi po junk from china live and learn"
"i wa look forward to review thi becaus we had such great luck usingrainx 80000224312pk origin glass treatment 7 oz pack of 12on the same car for a crosscountri drive last fall but had left the bottl at homesuperfici the two product are similar both appli easili and are easili wipe clear after dryingther the similar end although the griot glass sealant doe help rainwat bead on the windshield the bead are larg and dont easili move themselv out of the field of view rainx on the other hand creat a myriad of extrem tini rainwat bead that all immedi migrat off the windshield make it unnecessari to even turn on the windshield wiper at highway speedsw did notic e griot glass sealant help smooth and quiet the motion of the windshield wiper dure rain but there wa no chanc of leav the wiper off even in a light misti wonder if perhap thi griot product might be better suit for folk want a show car windshield to look it absolut best as oppo to someon like me just look for an equiv of rainx"
"i could not stand the smell of thi i threw it out after have it in my car for 5 minut"
"the mount bracket for these light suck the light are pretti bright but i have no use for it sinc i cant mount it nice"
"first thing i test wa how bright it wa next to a 55 watt regular halogen headlight thi led wa not even close im guess it might be half as brightproblem i measur the voltag and current at three voltag level first 1205v 134a that come out to 16147 watt next 1292v 124a is 16021 watt final 226v 072a is 16272 watt the voltag and current were measur at the same time for accuraci the built in dcdc convert is probabl about 90 effici at 90 the led are on get about 14645 watt when i compar each led in the bar by shine it 3 inch from sever surfac the 2 on the left are dimmer than the other the far left led is the dimmestsom compani will run there led a littl lower voltag to prevent burnout and increa life but thi mean they are not as bright as they should bealso the light wa most white but had yellow area in the spot the len wa scratch and there wa glue on the len and hous mine may have been a refurbish model"
"i could not get a pair that match or did not have some sort of qualiti issu i could not accept first pair had one light that had the plastic wrap glu to the len they are glu in i return one and order anoth the replac had a differ fin count on the hous and did not match the one i kept return both then place an order for anoth pair receiv the second pair and inspect the first one wa perfect the on one with a len that wa fulli seat open the second one on to find the len at least 14 inch from seat in the hous just return both ill tri anoth stylei will admit the one i test put out a strong beam and the price is cheap but the qualiti wa too cheap for me to keep i will agr with other review about the crappi bracket the provid screw bottom out on the light hous befor clamp the bracket to the hous also other review have mention about moistur in the light i could definit see thi with the crappi way the len is glu into the hous thi could be cure by ad sealer around the edg mayb super glue sinc that is what the mfg appear to use"
"i have an older chevi taho that is a work truck it ha develop a slight rough idl and i had hope thi royal purpl maxclean would help smooth it out it had a tuneup not long ago with new spark plug rotor wire etc and that didnt make much differ either so i have to assum mayb dirti or sticki injector i expect some differ base on the claim made for thi royal purpl fuel system cleaner but it made no differ at all i cannot detect ani differ in how the truck idl or run i think i wast my money mayb it work for certain other problem and might work for you but it is cost and no refund if it doesnt work either"
"i love royal purpl but no differ wish castrol gtx still made there that wa a differ"
"first let me start off by state that thi is an unbia review i purcha thi product from amazon unlik mani of the amazon vine product reviewersb an automot technician with an engin background i can not for the life of me recommend thi product to the gener consum make no mistak as other have claim the build qualiti of thi item is great but asid from the rest of the review there is one aspect i havent seen cover that must be addressedth output voltag is way too high for ani automot instal applic after instal the solar array i decid to take some read to see what kind of output i wa receiv befor finish the installfirst sunni day of april 74degr and locat in tnvoltag 242v in direct sunlightamp 03most 12v system recharg at a voltag rang between 132147v via the altern or batteri charger hook thi devic in with a 24v output even at low amp can caus the batteri to overcharg the ecu to throw an overvoltag check engin code or even wor fri the ecudev such as lawn mower troll motor four wheeler tractor etc that may not use or monitor batteri voltag may be better suit for use with thi although i would not recommend charg even those batteri at such a high voltag"
"i chose these sprayer for their chemic resist i use thi acid wheel cleaner in it which work veri well for clean wheel sinc it slight acid i want a robust sprayer thi sprayer work the first time but when i tri to use it a week later it wa complet clog what a piec of crap for thi price point"
"i purcha thi for a cleanout plug at our local restaur it wa a simpl pvc plug with a recess fit i thought thi tool would be great sinc we couldnt get it open i wa wrong first due to the fact that it wa liter in the floor the tool need to be manipul and reshap i did thi by bend the plastic after heat it up first with a heat gun i allow the plastic to cool for about 15 minut assur it wouldnt be soft now that it had the right shape i insert the end into the recess fit in the plug on to find that neither side wa a great fit one end wa way too larg the next wa about right but due to round corner made the product slide out and essenti warpstrip the fittingi believ at least one if not both of the other review as of april 24th are bs review i tri thi on simpl pvc i couldnt imagin thi thing open a brass plug that ha ani tight and perhap even seizur to it i final wound up get it open sinc it wa pvc by take my 2000 heat gun to it soften the plug at the thread and pri it out with a flathead which wa so quick and easi i wish i did thi in the first place"
"doesnt do what it promi that sum it up thi isnt a cheap piec of electron i purcha thi for one reason which wa claim by superchip the abil to turn off the tpm thi piec of junk doesnt do that doe it elimin one electron 34ping34 ye wa that worth 150 hell nothey claim they 34were work on it34 and it would be fix they havent done so if your jeep will still throw up the tire light it doesnt solv the tpm issu i dont care about elimin a singl 34ping34 to the tune of 150thi wa the worst purcha i have ever made for my jk becaus it 34locks34 to your specif jk it isnt return to ani store superchip should be asham they put thi piec of trash out to market with the market they did i am sure it doe some thing well but if you are adverti a function that it doesnt have that is a seriou problem"
"the trick to get it to adher and protect is ind to spray it thicker than you think howeverwhen they say it 34last about one year34 they mean it slowli degrad over time and look like paint is peel off"
"while i wa look for more griot garag microfib towel i happen across these i thought id give them tryth pro 1361 with free ship when i bought mine pretti good custom product review advert as extra thickth con tag that need to be cutoff the silk band edg are over thick i prefer a thinner hem edg not as thick fluffi as i expect in addit these are fluffi on on one side thi wa a surpriseclo thoughts6 of these cost less than 3 griot garag microfib towel have use griot garag microfib towel for year theyr better as the old say goe you get what you pay forim not sure im even go to use these i think theyr head to the donat box"
"these cap are design for both 434 and 4534 bumper but they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the other there are 3 finger that are suppo to grip the side of the bumper but it is just too tight for 434 bumper it would probabl work ok for a 4534 bumper but they need to make a version specif for 434 bumpersthi is unfortun as camco make some neat and uniqu stuff for the rver but thi product could use a bit of refin"
"i just purcha thi kit i went against my better judgement and didnt go with kensun thi time bad mistak the kit arriv and wa packag veri nice it seem like it wa gonna be a great qualiti product i prepar the vehicl for instal and when i went to plug the bulb into the ballast har one of the wire just slid out of the connector poor connect figur no big deal ill just tri the other bulb in the ballast that wa plug inwent to connect it and then anoth wire came apart just tragic qualiti go figur china but thi time it a garbag product from china i have had great luck with kensun their product are also chine but high qualiti steer clear of thi product look at and buy kensun product"
"my husband recent remodel and paint a merc benz e320 for my winter vehicl sinc we live in western new york where the winter are brutal i thought thi product would be help in keep my newli paint hood in pristin condit we follow the direct as direct and watch sever video over and over again becaus i did not want to make ani mistak after the hood wa pelt with snow sleet and salt from the road my hood look cloudi and it look like it had crack i wa extrem disappoint i wa so upset becaus it worri me if my hood would even come back to it origin condit befor the 3m paint defend wa appliedto remov thi stuff wa not an easi task my husband end up wet sand the hood and then buf it back to a high shine i will never consid use thi again i might think about the clear bra film option which is done by profess and is said to last 5 to 7ear the clear bra is more of a saranwrap fit hard film instead of spray on a finish on your car leav someth like thi to profess who have experi in the field and know which brand and product are worth invest in"
"let me make one thing perfect clear i have a veri nice shini black luxuri car i thought id check thi system out to see if it would help me keep my car shini and protect the finish the simpl answer is ye it will protect it but you wont like the way it look i test thi on a small part of my car hood first and it wa difficult to spray without dimpl then onc the finish is on it make my shini black car look like it is cover with gray film not at all what i want i think thi may just be a problem with shini jet black car and may be less visibl on other color i think it would protect the under finish but you just may not like the way it look"
"i dont care how good you are if you are ani sort of snob about thing look proper and or be done correct thi product is not for youi am one of those that usual here someon say someth doesnt work and think well they probabl did it wrong or in a rush thi is not one of those timesi have a hunch thi might work much much better on mayb a white car but dark color are definit out of the question in my book that is one of the reason i think there is a varianc on peopl that like it and peopl that dont anoth thing i think that i think is affect the review are the age of the paint job it be appli too i am posit most are skip have a truli clean and proper wax car when appli thislucki for me i did not appli thi to my own vehicl or i would not have been happi i have tri appli thi to a hood that is store in our garag becaus of what i read from other peopl it a deeper red color thi stuff never realli disappear i could see it on there tri to clean it off wa even wor i stop tri though i dont think that is a bad thing it is meant to stay on there i guess problem is if you no longer want it on there it will be a hasslei realli cant recommend thi stuff i do think it might work better on car color that typic dont show a lot of dirt like white or silver if your a perfectionist or have issu with the littl thing thi is realli not for you"
"the prep process for thi product requir a lot of attent and focu i had the impress that thi stuff would be pretti straightforward to appli and i suppo it is but it take more work than i anticipatedth result didnt realli match my expect either unfortun the product isnt quit as clear as adverti and isnt as durabl eitherlook perhap under perfect condit you can get the result they promi my real world experi wa differ"
"i wa realli look forward to put thi on my truck you have to appli it in warmer weather 65 if i recal so make sure to plan accordinglyin the end there a lot to do to tri to get thi right i didnt get it right the first time but wa abl to reset likewi a kit doesnt cover much it basic good for a front bra but youd need quit a few to say cover the hoodther also a ton of prep work but that kind of to be expectedi probabl wont use thi again it doe work but it such a pain that id rather just take it to a shop pay a bit more to have someon el do it and have a bit more confid in the applicationi receiv thi from the manufactur for test and review and have share my honest experi in thi review"
"thi stuff is difficult to appli near imposs to remov and doesnt leav a good finish stick with regular wax youll get a better longer last finish with much less work"
"i appli thi with the help of a mechan in hi shop to my fair new merc i wa hope it would work wonder sinc i put on ton of mile in florida it look terribl there are better option out there and i will not be appli thi to my other vehicl too much time is involv and the result are not impress"
"after read the review i decid to tri thi out on a paint powder coat basketb pole follow all the direct exact as recommend it look terribl and like everyon el is report it will not come off im veri happi i did not put thi on my car dont do it folk and dont come back here to complain if you do youv been warn"
"im a car buff and do most of my own mechan work and all my own detail we have a fair new accord 1 year old that i thought it might be nice to protect the front bumper on im familiar with the 3m clear bra system from profess and it is veri veri good but expen so here come what i think is the same product in a diy formatfirst you need to realli prepar the surfac for thi product not just wash the car but wash clay machin clean polish but not wax and make sure it is absolut babi butt smooth and that there is no dirt or debri resid on the surfac howev even after do all thi i still had dust on the surfac by time i mask off the rest of the front end so my first attempt wa way less then perfect so i thought ill just peel it off and tri again wrong the easi peel natur of thi product is a fiction it a mess to remov and will tri your patiencei threw the rest of the product away and figur if i realli want the protect id go to the profess and pay 300 for a 3m clear bra treatment which i understand is veri veri good and veri durabl some thing are just better left to the profess and thi fall squar into that categori for me"
"absorb great but doe not leav car spot free i will use thi until i find someth a lot better12242013 it been about two and a half month now and thi product absorb wor than a kleenex i wipe wring it out wipe repeat and it look as if it just rain on my car ive alway use leather chamoi in the past with no issu and now i am suffer from buyer remor"
"thi product isnt much better than a bucket of water if you car is rel 34clean34 befor you use thi product then i can mayb see use it for ani amount of dirt on the car beyond that it not worth use becaus the water get dirti too fast and begin to elimin the abil to take more dirt off the car you end up move dirt around on the car with a dirti cloth and dirti water think micro scratch on your clear coat if you have a newer car"
"what el can i say it is doa tri with gp tri with phone tri differ cabl and didnt work"
"mayb im a perfectionist no im reslli not or im just a klutz a real possibl but i have never been abl to get good result with anyth that wa suppo to keep my work area clean thi sand kit is no except i had a nice littl job line up for it pull out fill and sand the dent that i put in the rear of my honda crv frank i gave up tri to use the kit to smooth out the bondo and went unprotect it wa just so much easier and faster that way"
"doe it work ye but doe it work well enough to make a huge differ in how you go about a sand project nowhat you get a sand pad to hold special made disk a funki look funnel thing and a length of cheap light flexibl hose you are suppo to put these three thing togeth and let me tell you it is a pain to do the hose struggl to make a connect with the grip becaus the plug end is slight too big and you realli have to work to get it on at the other end you have a differ problem the hose is slight too big to make a secur connect and it easili dislodg it wa like a guy found thi stuff lie around and said hey look what i can make out of these three thingsonc you get it togeth you can not secur it to the vacuum unless it is alreadi run okay i can live with that but it is still kind of a kludg design get it all hook up and run and the hose shorten right up and lose much of it flexibilityon the work and it is suck up dust pretti well but it is a pain to work with all these limit in the design i find myself ditch thi contrapt and grab good old sandpaperthen when i am done i have to clean thi thing up and find a place to keep itbottom line is i will hold on to thi for now but i suspect that thi will end up in the trash at some point i certain would not recommend buy it it is not worth it"
"have to say i hate the way both of these smellth new car smell like burn electron and make me feel sickth leather well it is leather like but more like old worn slight moldi smell leatherin fact it doe smell veri much like a pair of 20 year old boot i have that ha been halfsol countless time it a comfort smell in an old boot not so much the car"
"thi automat outfit suk big time i went to the jeep dealer to get the link plug in just to make sure everyth wa right on the side of the box contain the link is a statement download the free automat app to get start i went to automaticcomapp web site and nowher could i find a download command for ani app i kept get shuffl back and forth to appl but could not find an app there either they have an alleg capabl to ask a question that got me anoth seriou runaround and no answer thi web site must have been design and built by a chimp thi whole oper is the most amateurish i have ever seen i call in some neighbor to see if they could make some sen of thi but to no avail i will readili admit that i may be overlook the obviou but i am not the on one if anyon know how to get thi link thingi to work plea fill me in do i need to dl an app or not if ye then how the way it is now it is not work and i see no connect to my iphon"
"automat is the smart drive assist that is suppo to help you be a more effici driver by monitor your drive qualiti and tell you how to improv in short thi is the most expen odb ii code reader you will find that ha such a limit set of featur i understand what they are tri to do keep it simpl and over it doe work as adverti i wa hope there wa more under the hood and discov that it is realli quit limitedin the box you get the white automat odb ii code reader dongl if youv never seen thi connector it is like under the dashboard of your car there isnt much el in the box other than a nice littl a sticker you can put on your window to let everyon know youv got the cool new automat in your car you will also need the iphon app call automat and an iphon 4s or later the reason thi wont work on an iphon 4 or earlier is becaus it use lowpow bluetooth a protocol not support on the earlier iphon unlik a bluetooth headset you dont need to pair thi with your iphon with the new protocol it just worksi instal the automat app on my iphon 5s first it wa a littl disappoint that it requir me to give my name email address and creat an accountlogin to their site to use the app there goe privaci right there whi cant it just tell me how i am drive without requir me to be regist on their sitewhen i first plug automat into my car i got a nice beep from the devic itself to let me know it wa plug in the automat app on my iphon now that i wa regist fail to find the devic i tri to plug and unplug a few time but eventu i forceclo the app doubl click the home button on the iphon and throw away the app and relaunch it on relaunch it found my dongleonc in the app it is fair simpl when you drive your car it will alert you if you do one of three bad thing hit the brake hard drive over 70 or have a hard accel if that happen a small sound will play and your driver score will get ding when you stop the car it will record your distanc mpg and a rough estim of the cost of that trip base on current ga price it also will maintain a cumul driver score the nice part about the app is that it essenti provid you a log of your drive while it run in the background of the iphon so you can look back on your drive historyth is also an engin statu page where you can see the statu of the engin and read ani code that may be thrown if your car ha a check engin light it can advi you what is wrong a problem with the vapor recoveri system might requir tighten the ga cap ye thi can save you a trip to the mechan but im not sure how mani other code are that simpleso whi on 3 starsfirst i wa hope that the drive statist would be more mean how about a graph of my accel over the trip car effici oxygen sensor etc in fact none of the intern sensor are brought out so i can view them much less log over time all of thi data is aggreg into my driver score i can buy a reader for my car that cost less than thi and will link with my laptop to provid live car readout i get that thi isnt their target market but they are charg a lot more for thi than their competit it just softwar so whi not provid an advanc screen with live engin statu readout whi not log speed data it just doesnt do that muchsecond there are plenti of highway where the speed limit is abov 70 whi not let me custom thi limit thi devic is not go to be use in place with higher speed limitsthird i didnt mention it in my review but there is a crash assist featur that i am dubiou about it say it will get me assist in case of a crash use an acceleromet in the devic whi not use the acceleromet in my car or use airbag deploy as a proxi how do i know if it is tune right will an accid kick set it off and who monitor the crash system my home alarm system is monitor by a ul approv monitor compani gener motor ha onstar i have no idea what sort of backend system automat ha monitor crash alert and what kind of load it can handl not to mention they dont know my cell phone number if i am in a crash how will the polic contact me how will i let them know it a fal alarm the app and websit are realli spar on thi dataso conclus in short it doe work if your check engin light is on it will tell you the code and let you reset it but a 15 reader will do that it will alert you if you make 3 drive error accel too fast drive too fast or brake too sudden but even then the drive too fast wont let you custom it for the roadba on the data theyv given me so far i have littl confid in crash alert it even say beta and i am sore disappoint that for 100 i cant view engin statu sensor or anyth el in my car at the veri least allow me to log accel data on the drive3 star the hardwar seem to work but the softwar ha a long way to go to justifi the priceupdateaft use thi for 2 week go on a long car trip and drive through a congest citi i am updat thi to 2 star as i am remov it from my car and put it away until automat relea a seriou softwar updat it is beyond useless i drove down i95 to richmond where the speed limit is 70 as soon as i hit the speed limit it start beep at me veri distract while drive as i said befor if you cant even drive the speed limit without get your driver score ding what is the point i also had a car in front of me stop short i slam my brake and got beep at again i dont know what the folk at automat expect me to do when a sudden obstacl is in front of my car but i fear the beep alarm could caus me to get startl and have a real accidentmi hope for thi devic were that it would be like the priu in term of driver feedback i dont own one but ive driven one and notic the live readout of your mpg you learn to slowli appli the accel and how exact to drive to maxim fuel economi it is a live readout of everyth that is what automat could have done live readout dure a drive instead i get a binari deci on 3 factor two of those factor can be violat for normal reason that have noth to do with bad drive habit and the distract alarm could caus a real accid the on feedback i get dure a drive itself is a rotat icon that let me know a drive is in progress serious no other live displaymeanwhil by hide all engin sensor data there are real thing like dirti air filter and low tire pressur that could be report and could realli help fuel economi but automat ignor thi data from the car computerseri i do not recommend thi devic"
"thi product doe exact what it say it doe i plug it into the obdii port on my 2004 bmw m3 and it link up to my iphon 5 took three tri but it workedproblem 1 unavoid it requir you to leav a doggl plug into your obdii port my port is just abov my clutch pedal and there is a littl door that swing down when the doggl is plug in thi caus my foot to bang into the open obdii port door when i use the clutch thi is unaccept to me i guess i could rip off the doorproblem 2 the doggl emit a tone whenev a threshold is reach either speed accel or break the tone cannot be turn off it come from the doggl not the iphoneproblem 3 you cannot adjust the threshold for exampl it emit a tone when you exceed 70 mph thi is ridicul everyon drive over 70 mph even my 94 year old grandmoth everyon the accel and break tone are similar set with veri low threshold the inabl to adjust the threshold coupl with the inabl to turn off the incess tone will lead me to remov thi from my carproblem 4 it strive to tell you how much each trip cost you but doe not give you the abil to input the price of ga thi make the readout complet unreliableth whole point of thi seem to be to prompt your to get better mileag there is also a function to send a text messag if you are in a major crash presum that mean the airbag deploy it is a giant nag and the inabl to custom ani of the threshold make it pretti useless to me it wa constant beep at me after three day of drive with it i have learn to simpli ignor the tone that defeat the purposeupd after leav thi attach to my car for two day of nonus i have a dead batteri never had a dead batteri befor in thi car and often leav it for a week or more without use so i am blame thi devic"
"i love techno gadget but thi is a 10000 dollar toy and noth more the featur are veri limit on the devic and most of them i alreadi have on my car sinc it on a coupl year old thi wa fun to play with for one day but then i wa over it if your realli a gearhead you might get a littl more entertain from it but i doubt it save your money"
"the zubi ha so much potenti just think about all the other behavior that when monitor and track improv result fit diet relationship programsth list goe on so whi wouldnt you want to know about your car and drive habit the unit plug neat into the cpuscann port in the car in our volvo it right next to the hood relea lever instal wa liter a snap it lock on and activ within a short drive around the neighborhood and immedi began compil result i will say that a lot of the result are kind of duplic of most modern day onboard system if your car ha a mileag comput and nav a lof of stuff is be done for you alreadi although perhap not display in such a neat roll up dashboard fashionshould you pay 99year for thi the on glimmer of a possibl is if you have money to burn and a teenag driver you want to monitorperson i hate modern conveni that requir subscript fee gp with realtim traffic locat devic what is the valuead here that justifi shell out a big chunk of chang will you save 99 in car insur premium for becom safer driver ga fill up from drive more efficientlythat a leap of faith when you add in the murki aspect of not know whatwhyhow your person drive info will be use it seem to me that thi is a bad buy if it were a one time 99 fee id reconsiderbut annual thank but no thank"
"im glad i read the privaci polici and term of use befor i tri instal thi key and app first off updat to the privaci polici are on announc on the privaci polici page along with the date those chang were made zubi doesnt send out email if they make the privaci polici even more intrus than it alreadi is here are some of the highlight zubi can collect the the locat of your car and cell phone includ when the primari driver is within 500 feet of your car zubi collect your facebook profil includ friend and their contact inform for the purpo of send them zubi ad at the end of your contract your credit card is automat charg again presum with no remind or notic all thi inform will be given when zubi is present with law request from govern agenc no mention of subpoena or court order requir from said govern agenc which beg the question doe the nsa have stock in the compani zubi can sell your inform to third parti vendor or partner includ adverti thi one is copi and past direct from section 10 of zubi term of use i couldnt make thi up if i tri and the allcap are by zubi not me the servic includ all materi and servic avail through the servic are provid on an 8220a is8221 and 8220a available8221 basi without warranti of ani kind either express or impli includ but not limit to impli warranti of merchant or fit for a particular purpo or the warranti of non8209infr without limit the forego we make no warranti that a the servic will meet your requir b the servic will be uninterrupt time secur or error8209fr c the result that may be obtain from the use of the servic will be effect accur or reliabl or d the qualiti of ani product servic or inform purcha or obtain by you from the servic from us or our affili will meet your expect or be free from mistak error or defectsif your will to sign away all the abov right and more check to make sure the devic will work in your area the zubi key use tmobil cellular servic when i ask zubi they said the coverag actual look good both are show good or excel coverag for the zubi devic zubi doe offer a a 30 day return polici as wellwhen check with the tmobil coverag map it show my area and at least 20 mile around my town doe not have coverag sinc i wasnt will to sign away my privaci right i never instal the zubi but i do have more faith in the tmobil coverag map than zubi promi given the denial of warranti on their term of use in section 10"
"i have alreadi been test a similar deviceautomat link smart drive assistantbut there were some thing i didnt care for with that devic so when vine offer me the zubi i wa definit interest to tri it out howev at a veri expen 99year subscript price it pretti hard for me to recommend thi over the automat which doe not come with a similar requir for use other review have talk about the privaci concern and it seem that thi devic realli would on be worth consid if you are a parent wish to track the drive habit of your teenag driver while thi devic doe have some clear benefit over other such as track your activ even when you dont have the app run the cost of enrol is just way too much for what i get with it when there are other similar devic that dont come with the same requir"
"ive been with amazon sinc they were just sell book and ive been read review for a veri long time in fact ive read enough review over the year to becom suspici of the valid of some if warrant that said i am high suspici of mani of the five star rate thi devic is receiv and it give me pausethat said i receiv thi devic not complet know what i wa get there are sever devic out there that do the same thing without a subscript 99 a year are you kid me and without the privaci issu thi devic seem to be famou for i care read all their onlin document some folk may care less about privaci and that fine im not over concern about it myself but after read their document there no way im sign on for thi or pay them 99 for their serviceif you dont mind them track you and store all your inform and you dont mind pay them 99 a year to do that and you dont mind who el receiv that inform then go ahead and jump in im not"
"thi product smell noth like 34new car34 but is not unplea the fresh on last a few day my chief complaint about thi is that it is not so much an odor elimin but more of a sen of smell eliminatoraft use the product as direct and get use the vehicl the next day i notic that the tip of my tongu wa numb and that my sen of smell wa diminish while in the car and for a coupl of minut after leav the car i cross check thi by blind test my wife and a friend of mine and they both had the same numbnessdeaden on their tongu and reduc sen of smelli use meguiar product frequent and love the nonaerosol spray odor elimin and will continu the use of that product but never again will i use thi product"
"im a pretti big fan of meguair product i jump on thi one as soon as i saw it avail it easi to use and doe the job problem the after smell of the product is less than favor it veri strong and while it not terribl it far from pleasant if they got a better fragranc id be will to tri that one thi 34new car34 smell is far from it and far from good"
"ok what market guy dream thi stuff up there are mani wheel cleaner on the market from all the usual suspect the best manag to remov brake dust and other grung pretti effect with a bit of scrub and do it without harm clear coat and other alloy wheel finish the key is to get the job done but do no harm the best seem to be the cleaner from armor all and abov all el sonax and p21sfor starter thi dub stuff smell downright weird like cheap perfum and tropic fruit cocktail from a 1980 fern bar then there is the color gimmick what with that i definit do not want my recent refinish alloy to turn technicolor green and red while im wash my car and then the litani of warn which all do make me wonder how gentl thi stuff will be and what damag it will do if use regular a coupl of time a weekand the result on stubborn grimi wheel not on par with the top three name abov not by a long shotth verdict one star for creativ albeit misguid anoth star for result i know of no good reason to buy thi product beyond curio about a multicolor pina colada scent wheel cleaner what the heck"
"thi ha a terribl smell that realli linger awhil it goe on green and turn rust red after about 5 minut then you wash it all off it work well on my wheel to remov the surfac dirt and brake dust without scrub but i would have gotten the same effect with a light scrub with a wheel brush it did noth to remov small bit of road tar but they came off easili with a light brush no damag but not realli worth the effort"
"warn againburgundi color runswash out by hand as it will take mani mani wash to get the red outnot worth ithav been a big fan of zwipe for some timeam on my second bulk packag of zwipe regular microfib cloth in pastel color purcha them at amazon48 zwipe for under 23price and color wise thi is the way to goth burgundi waffl weav zwipe are target for stemwar they did a fine job on glasswar mirror and comput screen in our homei also find the regular zwipe to be just as effect especi when newwhen i purcha ani zwipe i design half the color for water and windex clean and the other half for polish with wax etcmachin wash with no fabric soften and you are clean well and save the environ"
"know that red item might bleed i decid to put the towel in a sink of water to see what happen oh my gosh these towel fade bad i left them soak a while wrung them out ad more hot water let them soak againthey fade more i repeat thi process one more time then wrung the towel out let them dri i decid to handwash a coupl of them so i soap them up ran hot water on them i couldnt believ that the water wa even redder than befor im wonder if theyll ever stop fadingth two i handwash were use for gener hous clean they did a good job dust absorb water keep surfac lint free i will dedic some for glasswar use but might bleach them to hope stop the color bleedbecaus of their waffl weav textur the towel measur about 12 shorter all the way around than adverti they can be stretch to the adverti sizezwip waffl weav towel perform like microfib should but i cannot recommend the burgundi color"
"most basic these are microfib towel so there no much to say they are small thing absorb liquid etc i didnt find ani featur that make them particular notabl the price is okay for a six pack but the fray edg let you know that these are fair cheapli manufacturedi use these for dri so it not like the color rub off howev if you soak these they will bleed into the water it best to wash these in the sink if you dont want your laundri to end up vagu burgundi coloredth towel are fine but not great the fact that i have to wash them separ is suprem annoy id look elsewh if your in the market for a microfib towel"
"thi zwipe set come with veri nice squeegeestyl blade as well as a singl hand towel the blade doe a great job of get most of the water off of my car it is soft enough that i dont worri about damag to my paint it remov water in streakfr fashion and then your readi to finish up with the towelth towel isnt so stellar it didnt seem to hold much water and more import it left blue fuzz on my car small pill of fuzz appear after everi few wipe when i got done my clean car wa dot with littl blue piec of the towel i guess ill have to get out the blower and blow them awaywhil i give thumb up to the squeeg ani towel that leav a mess on my car isnt someth id buy again"
"veri thin materi not veri warm at all barley break the wind and on a cold day is pretti much useless not for winter sport"
"ok i have to admit the price of thi item did not have my expect unfair high it is a straight tube neckfac cover with a whimsic lower skull imag on both front and back materi is stretchi and easili pull up over the face howev the materi doe not 34breath34 veri well and conden from your breath build up moistur on your face and will steam up glass if you wear them even sunglass and open goggl there is no hem around either end of the tube guess a strecthi thread wa not consid and the materi ha start to fray a bit for the price thi is a cute novelti item but not what i realli need it for i have spent a few more buck on a better qualiti one and await that one to see if it work better with the conden issu as for thi seller be awar that thi is an intern order china i suspect although it is not list in the post thi equat to a veri delay deliveri date exceed the estim deliveri date consid if you want a 34novelty34 item that you arent go to wear long thi one is ok if you want one you can wear for wind and cold protect without a lot of conden build up on your face spend a few buck for a better one"
"i would not buy thi product again it doe what it should but if i had to do it again i would just stick with detal microfib towel from vikingcobra"
"bought thi for my spare tire on my util trailer veri inexpen cheap flimsi and loo fit seem like it can be broken off easili will probabl end up get cabl lock thi devic doesnt realli give me sen of secur i suppo for on five buck you get what you pay for"
"the size measur provid are bit disingenu the funnel is 10 long but the section that compri the tubular section is on 6 long it state that the funnel is 4 x 4 but in realiti the open for the funnel is 214 in diamet at the widest pointit would work to put quart contain of liquid into someth but for ani larger contain it is go to be worthless"
"i am use thi on curt receiv and the length is perfect it appear to be of high qualiti construct with bit if weight to it and thi design prevent ani rattl on bumpi road my on complaint is that it get rust buildup insid the lock mechan after few month so you need to clean it periodicallyupdatea great deal of dirt ha found it way into the lock mechan so i guess the fit is not secur like it should be also it is now rust which i find bit odd in all stainless construct i see the head design ha chang base on the new pictur here so mayb the issu is fix now"
"i am car rv detail guy my car and rv must be shine new all the time i thought i had found the best shine wax protect use an rv wax call protect with uv inhibitor in it prior to tri thi flagship wax and use it for year and it did the job and noth el on the market so i thought wa go to top it for fiberglass i use mcguir fiberglass restor and that did the most amaz remov of oxid on an older rv i restor back to new so i knew it had to be good and tri iti ad revi review to end of origin review on thi pagewel after appli thi flagship wax to my alreadi clean and shini rv it took the shine to whole higher level 1st off it doe go on easi onc on it stay kind of moist like but dri soft like but it come off nice then i follow with 2nd dri cloth to make sure it complet off and shini and it doe come off easi and it doe clean finish up leav nice shini glaze surfac but you need to chang up rag often becaus it cake and smear if you donti read review on amazon which entic me to give it tri one said dont let dri ani longer then 3 min and bottl claim same thi is veri true i am so plea at resultsth biggest improv wa the nice gold paint bottom of the motorhom where the paint look good befor but now the paint look glaze shini and rich like i never wa abl to get thi high shine befor it also doe not cling to plastic window or rubber everyth it touch it come off of leav high shine on it so i use it on everythingnow thi is my revi review as of august 2013 after use thi and like it at 1st i found it will continu to bead but water streak seem to stick and stay on wax surfac on fiberglass even wash wont remov them easi so i went back to use protect on my rv it shine as well but also the water streak are minim after rain and wash off easieri also find the protect brand wax to last long and come off cleaner after appli wax leav cleaner shinemak it far easier to do big rv in less time then flagship wax i found flagship to be caki thick and harder to remov and have to constant get fresh rag to make it easi to get offso we tri it like it at first but then week or so later found the flagship to not be as good as what i use for year in the protect brand i love mcguir product most time"
"i use thi for while though hollow plastic i felt it wa design to hold camper from roll and it did one day i forgot to remov it when pull out and it seem to take veri littl pressur move forward to flatten it like pan cake so i though my 50000 invest may be better serv with heavi duti galvan wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistak and let me know it hold solid if i ever did again roll forward over it"
"on fair not veri durabl and do not fulli secur the trailer spend the extra and get the xblock and or the fastaway we now use both fastway for intiial set and the x block for final lock in"
"the 34feet34 on thi bar slide off the truck bed side and make it worthlesswhen the ratchet is extend the mechan for that end up out of arm reach when stand outsid the truck"
"bit of let down here from all the review i thought mayb my search for the perfect nozzl would come to an end it didnt the sequenc of spray pattern on thi nozzl is not what you are use to sure it ha uniqu abil to produc fine spray and fire hose kind of effect but when switch between pattern it pass most through variou stream of concentr water that dench anyth in it way if you are tri not to splatter mud creat crater or wash away fesh plant seed thi is not your nozzl mayb it make more sen on car"
"you are better off go to your local depart store and buy the craftsman brand nozzl instead it is ident to thi one except the green part is silver and it come with lifetim replac guarant unlik thi bonair one it also about the same pricethat said i prefer trigger type nozzl becaus to turn thi off you have to rotat it sever revolut and then it doesnt rememb the spray set you were at thi type of nozzl may be good if your hold it for long period of time water your garden or someth like that but for wash your car when you on turn the water on period it doesnt work as well as trigger type hose nozzl"
"when look at these product simpli calcul the actual cost per squar foot for exampl thisspeak kit contain 138 squar feet for around 22 buckspric fluxuat like it stock or somethingcan u think of anyth that worth 15 dollar squar foot there are so mani cheaper altern dynamat is an awsom product and it doe work but for those of us not made of money search thi butyl flash tape u will be glad u did"
"i return becaus it is just too much work to instal and i find it hard to believ they would make much differ"
"doe not make notic enough differ in sound qualiti to justifi it cost i instal it insid of my door use the roller and lot of elbow grea all part of the dynamat that i instal have good contact with the metal i would return thi but it is stuck to my car door"
"youd better trust your jack stand if you have ani intent of get under your cari thought these were good option but i chang my mind after receiv themfor whatev reason justifi or not i felt uneasi see how much they rattlei decid to take my car to the mechan and end up never use them i forgot to return them and then it wa too lateso two star becaus they do not inspir me ani confid"
"the first time i use it out of the box one stand neck is broken i decid thi brand is the one i should avoid and let my friend know it"
"bad product wrong weld it on weld insid but not out sideso is not recomend to use it under car plea dont make my mistak is not weld rightthi item have to be weld in both side insid and out site not on insideth pin or second safeti pin is not good at all it move and doe not hold the post right it like noth so doe not make sen to have it torin want to send it back everi year for annual inspectionbut they dont pay for sh thi shoul be 1 ton not 3 ton with thi weld formmi item look use not new look like some one use it and return and then they sent them to me the up drop it to the floor caus i have gate so be awar of up they dont care if they brake it"
"fram ha horrif histori of manufactur oil filter that fail their filter leak and do poor job at filter impur there are websit devot to discuss oil and oil filter and fram product are near univ critic and avoid there are also video onlin that investig fram oil filter and they are near all univ negativepurol wix napa mann mahl are some qualiti filter fram are the worst filter and you are risk harm your bike"
"thi devic attach secur to the tow vehicl but at costthey are cumbersom to attach and detach with sever move part and the potenti to scratch the tow vehicl paint dure either process if you dont have three hand availableto attain the secur vibrat free fit you must crank down on the ratchet web strap hard enough to deform the door where it attach to the window channel it also deform the rubber window sealfoam pad protect the door somewhat where the bracket would otherwi rub on the bodi but if the area isnt meticul clean beforehand i can see where it would dull the paint over timebecaus of the metal claw part that fit into the window channel rai and lower the window caus screech sound on my driver side windowfin when they are detach from the door they make for veri bulki awkward devic that doesnt store conveni or compact in the vehicleim send them back"
"thi is piec of junk the strap stretch the plastic clip slip off while tighten and the dam thing fall off while drive tri to get the type that slide over the exist mirror and have plastic screw in the back to hold it on they do work well"
"1 the view surfac of the 8 inch mirror is exact 75 inch wide and 225 inch high2 i tri adjust of the mirror without mount it the ball joint on the mirror arm are so tight that adjust is extrem difficult to near imposs wd40 did not work neither did work the joint around to loosen them up3 so if you tri to adjust the mirror after it mount you risk stress the mount button glue and the button may fall off4 when adjust the mirror the daynight button kept flip onoff veri annoying5 the mirror surfac itself is veri good no rippl"
"i gave these thing 2 star rate becaus we have 8 set of them instal on our counti patrol car not sure what the issu is but the bulb are burn out at pretti often rate i just had one offic tell me both hi light burnt out last night 01232014 mayb the 130 watt bulb is just get too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulb within year time hope kc read thi and can do someth about that issu other than that they are great power light that reach out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you be safe and mayb look for anoth type of light that will give you longer servic life befor you spend the money on these"
"i use it on decentlook leather seat of 2003 toyota siennai bought both the cleaner and the condit and use them as describ even if they did what they are suppo to do i did not realiz that it ha not made differ appearancewisehop the treatment will help keep them aliv longer do i regret buy them no i do not"
"i got thi lexol leather ph cleaner spray offlin at local auto part storeand i am glad i didi start clean my car and the first thing i notic is the citru smell sudden half through clean the passeng front seat the sprayer broke at thi point the white clean rag i wa use wa still white and given i had not clean the seat in month i just return itso i went onlin and after much research orderedgriot garag 11259 leather care spray kit well the griot cleaner clean old grime of the leather seat i had clean with the lexol cleaner week earlieri have use varieti of leather cleaner over the year and in my experi thi one doe absolut noth"
"i use both the cleaner and the condit as describ but they did not make differ on decent look leather seat in my 2003 sienna if they made differ i have not realiz iti do not regret buy these i hope they will add to the life of the leather seat even though i have not observ chang in appear"
"the jack stand fell with noth on them when i bare shook them made in china junk wast of time if you valu your life buy american jack stand"
"i order and paid for next day air becaus i need it thi weekend it arriv but it wasnt what i order i order pair of jack stand i receiv an engin hoist leveleri understand mistak happen but it wa the way the return ha been handl that i have issu with up drop it off but i have to take it to the post offic to send it back and i wasnt told if theyll wait to ship the right order until they receiv thi back via the slowest mail servic so i have no idea when the replac order will arriv week two weeksthi wasnt my mistak or even defect product thi wa human error on their part they should have told me theyd immedi ship the replac next day like i order so far im left hang should i go out local and get what i need and then end up with an extra set should i hold off day becaus theyr come next day i dont know and that the point and that whi i gave them one star"
"i use thi on my pickup truck becaus i had been get some hard start and rough idl and decrea fuel economi for about the past 6 month i have notic about 2mpg drop in fuel economya coupl of my friend have use thi stuff and claim success so i gave it shot i ad can to the fuel tank and half can each to the crankca and air intak let it sit and drove it around it smoke like crazi as promisednow anecdot i do think it smooth out my idl and i havent had hard start but there is noth i can quantifi and i am not sure that the improv are not all psycholog i think my truck run better if i wax it my use also coincid with the end of winter so the oper temperatur can account for the improv too i did not see an improv in mpgso if thi is where my stori end id say give it go if it work great if not you didnt lose too muchbutth second tank after use thi i got o2 sensor code and had to replac downstream sensor to be fair the truck ha 100k and thi could just be the natur lifespan of the sensor sinc i had alreadi notic drop in mpg the sensor wa like on it way out at the same time i think it is rather interest that it fail less than 300 mile after use thi product when ive been drive around with the diminish mpg for sever thousand mile my person belief is that the big blast of smoke just push fail sensor over the edgeso no i wont use thi stuff again most peopl have had fine luck but it not worth the risk for me"
"i have use both can of thi product on differ car the product result in tremend amount of emiss be spew into the air when suck into the vacuum system as describ in the articl i read about the product befor purcha it in addit to creat air pollut and draw angri stare from neighbor i am simpli not convinc the product is effect"
"i use thi for year on my car dash and other vinyl area of the interior i alway thought it work and protect pretti well although it doe evapor on to the insid of the windshield which is annoy it also doesnt seem to last veri long and as it start wear off the dash look veri dryiv sinc found303 aerospac protect 32oz and that work much better it doesnt seem to exhibit ani of the afor issu ie it doesnt seem to go on to the insid of the windshield and the shine last longer it also protect from uv just as well if not better note that vinylex contain silicon which actual damag the vinylplast over timeim definit sold on 303 protect over vinylex now although i realli like the lexol ph leather cleaner and lexol leather condit for my leather"
"thi thing leak on first use the hose are not tight and the brake fluid leak everywh under my hood lucki i put 3 towel around the brake fluid tank becaus i knew thi would happen will not buy thi again"
"there is no swivel between the cap the tube and the bottl in other word when you screwunscrew the cap onto the car brake fluid contain there will be kink on the tube itself untangl the kink is chore becaus the bottl is both quit big and heavi when it is fill with brake fluid they should have design with some quickconnectdisconnect like the compressor air hose that would be an ideal solut but i guess it will add to the cost for ad that featur howev i doubt that it would cost much becaus i brow through the airho connector at harbor freight and they run typic coupl of buck each i might modifi thi bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem"
"the qualiti of the bleeder is awesom howev it will take hour upon hour if you plan on actual use thi product to bleed your car brake fluid you are far better off either use buddi to pump the brake and you open the bleeder valv and then press the brake in 510 time and then close the bleeder valv and repeat as necessari you get higher amount of fluid out each time than use thi bleeder after squeez the top on it manag to keep 14 psi 145 recommend for by vw mechan manual which liter push out 10 drop everi minuteif you arent too sure how to bleed brake as i state abov just go on youtub and youll see what i am talk aboutalso the bleeder bottl you can find on amazon as an item frequent bought with thi item is worth the money"
"these test lead were way too wimpi for automot use ifter coupl of them pull apart then i just threw the rest of them out low grade product"
cheep
"ye they are wire lead with allig clip so if that your on standard for give them good ratingotherwi tri to use these as jumper wire in electr work is useless sinc they have so much resist due to the veri small gaug wire and shoddi connect they make good clip for hang paper lol"
"these thing give off pretti wide pattern for be so small they could be tad bit brighter but they are fog light which is exact what i need light feel well made and sturdi the wire har is veri well made wire is of good qualiti and is fair long howev the load wire that goe from the switch to the relay wa not long enough and need to be extend for my need the switch that come with the kit is realli nice and ha an led activ light that red when the light are off and greeen when the light are turn on but i wont be use itedit crap light start to leak seem like the weather strip insid around the len is way too big and doesnt seal right took the light off my front bumper and put them on my rear bumper to use as rever light sinc they didnt give me the light output desir after almost of week of be on my rear bumper they fill up complet with water even wor than they did on my front bumper and one len also crack go to contact the compani or seller to see if i can get replac len read all review befor purcha these light are not the greatest"
"i mount these on the bumper of my ford f250 they are about 24 off the ground not too close to the pavement by ani mean the hous start to leak within week or two of be instal i remov the light and tri seal with black silicon but they still leak perhap becaus of the leak the chrome start flake off within few week i now have veri good look light which leak produc near no help light and wont stay aim in the direct i angl them"
"these thing are burn our right and left we have these instal in 8 of our patrol car and they dont seem to last more than few month be care if you order the kc light with the 130 watt bulb the light reach out as good as ani ive ever seen but the qualiti of the bulb leav much to be desir"
"veri well construct but it ha design flaw that make it useless the intern plunger ha disc with slot and the t handl need to engag the disc perfect or the rod push into the grea and not the disc so the grea doe not load proper i have 4 other standard grea gun and these work perfect but i want the pistol grip so i could pump with one handi have not idea what the intend purpo is in have the rod disengag from the plunger disc as thi is uniqu in my experi to the lincoln grea gun"
"hard to appli and veri hard to take off thi will go in the back of the suppli cabinet and on be use when i am out of p21 you definit get what you pay for in thi case"
"mayb it just me but i didnt see much differ i have 2010 370z that i babi and decid after three year it might be time to detail the finish as i said i babi the darn thing so it garag kept and pretti clean to start with i follow the long involv instruct written by one of the experienc review to the letter i decid to just do the hood and then cleanwax the rest of the car for comparison i could see some differ in the hood it wa definit higher gloss but not differ that ani one el would notic mayb it would be more notic in an older car with fade paint but i wouldnt wast time do thi again"
"thi is plastic sandwich type holder for the flat 4 wire connector not on did my connector fit loo and tilt at an angl as result but the holder did not have proper channel to fit the cover for the 4 wire connector i just bought the channel provid for the cover is veri small and is evid applic specif thi wa wast of money i had to buy differ mount bracket from trailer place"
"im not shock that there were no wire even though the pictur show wire but i am surpri that the dust cover which appear to be integr in the pictur is not includ all that in the packag is the clamp itself and some selfdril sheetmet screw mayb ill check back some day and see that the pictur ha been chang or the descript ha been updat to reflect realiti in which case ill chang the number of star but for now im knock two star off for the decept ad and anoth star for the product realli be fair cheap piec in my opinion the piec isnt great valu the price is at best on fair and yeah i know were not review price but it cheaplymad product which lack finish i think the bottom side couldv been solid instead of have the expo rib and i think the includ screw which appear to at least be stainless shouldv come with appropri washer to distribut the load on the plastic"
"i bought thi becaus amazon suggest that it should be bought along with the brake control there is no need for it at all as the brake control mount just fine with the includ hardwar"
"not sure whi but my thi adapt doesnt light up to do the check as it is suppo to i think it is my suv audi that doesnt support just the led to verifi oper i kept it anyway as it work fine with the trailer and all the light work"
"i got these to use on my leather cloth and car seat veri cheapli made the white lint from the pad come off and is mess to pick up from leather cloth and car seat go to dollar store and get microfib cloth"
"i use thi product on the rear of my disc brake calib and it wa big wast of timedid not push in the pistoni had to use 6in cclamp which work out pretti welllisl disc brake pad spreader lis24400"
"the tool work great on the first set of pad went to do the other side and the thread rod broke loo from the knob not recommend"
"im buck the trend of favor review herei do give it two star becaus it doe go on easi smell decent and ha excel clean capabl the towel came out more black than with other product which i assum indic it is remov lot of oxid black rubbertrimunfortun thi product doe not last i cover all the rubberplast on my car two thorough coat let it soak insettl for day then wash it to get the overwipestreak of nearbi bodi panel etc the meguiar 40 wash complet off it wa left wor than befor i use the product the finish remain wa also veri splotchi and look bad even some interior part that i appli 40 to were most wipe clean after just wipe with damp towel use to pick up accumul dustdirt it remain splotchi where there were minor nick scratch in the plasticrubb where more 40 had absorbedover i wa veri unsatisfi with the result im not go to say it is the worst product i have ever use but other that i use are far and away better these includ 303 aerospac protect which is veri mild waterba product which also doesnt last but is better than thi meguiar product and ha almost no sheenmi previou stapl and which i recommend most is actual armor all origin i purcha guru report analysi on these type of product sever year ago and wa surpri that thi old product wa one of the two bestincategori product along with zaino among over 50 that were test armor all origin not other formul is veri low sheen and also last sever wash it is also about 14 the price or less and avail everywhereim go back to armor all origin and recommend that you tri it as it perform better than boutiqu product i would also recommend that you use waterba product on perman trim rubber etc as the solventpetroleumba one have tendenc to degrad the rubberplast over time these may be ok for replac item like tire or part that are sever oxid you can gener tell the differ in that waterba product are milki color while the petroleumba one are clear i do like meguiar hot shine for sever problem but not thi product"
"dont buy thi product i bought it for my 2010 toyota corolla becaus you need special tool for the oil filter hous the put where you insert the wrench into broke on the first turn wast of money at least amazon let me return it broken"
"3 things1 spring is cheep and instal incorrect snap on unpack so i had to twist it to place it the right better way and twist the end toward insid more becaus spring is made of cheep metal that bend like aluminum2 size is too big for regular car filter toyotashondasmotorcycl etc mayb 5lite for 3500 util van will have enough filter diamet for thi to fit around or huge suv or pickup truck3 remov on doe not work the other way around to tight the filter"
"i had thi thing for few month and it work realli well for take off oil filter it on made it through like 3 or 4 filter until the spring broke though i dont recommend buy it"
"i think thi wa my fault for not read everi line of the descript befor buy i saw word like wide rang and univ and bite teeth what i miss wa that it work from 3 18 to 3 78 inch i am sure ill use it just not as much use as id hope it would get"
"when i first got it the wrench did work howev it wa never that easi to use due to need to be flare out first to fit over the filter at some point i lost the spring not sure whi it could even detatch and then it wa render complet useless end up buy coupl of the larg socket look one that come in three size to fit common filter theyr bit cheaper but i had to buy multipl so they end up cost more but they also work easili everi time"
"tool feel sturdi and like it would help but end up be useless tool in the arsen i wouldnt recommend thi sinc you can hand tighten the oil filter if you use textur one like the purol"
"ive use my mityvac 7201 less than 10 time i have treat it veri care as i do all my stuff but still it work poor for meth selector valv that you use to switch between evacuatingdispen is ridicul difficult to oper i cant just push or lift my selector valv to oper it no i have to twist it while pushingpul like madman and hope i dont break anyth includ my finger i wa abl to loosen it up somewhat by spray the valv with siliconeteflon spray and oper it repeated but 1 it still not easi to oper and 2 i shouldnt have to do thatth expand plug that must be expand to evacuatedispen or remov to pour fluid out is ridicul difficult to remov it just poorfit deviceth tube connector where the main evacu tube enter the top of the unit leak when i put it in dispen mode i had to pay over 27 to get replac tube connector kit 822566 sinc my unit is out of warrantyaft replac the tube connector and tri dispen mode again i found that the top plate leak i had not notic thi befor but it explain whi it alway took so much pump when i evacu oil when i use it in dispen mode now the main tube doesnt leak anymor but air and oil come out from under the top plate i remov the top plate and sure enough look ma no seal it would be bad enough if the seal had mere fail but for the seal not to be includ in the first place is inexcus becaus i didnt notic thi problem sooner the seal 822821 is cost me an addit 13 includ ridicul 875 fee for shippingnow ive ad not replacedad the top seal and while do test i can hear that the unit leak air at the top of the pump assembl i give up on thi thingthi would be great practic joke if it didnt cost me so much money"
"if it work it work pretti good chanc are you will get one with miss o ring though sever peopl on car forum i am member of receiv defect item includ myself i call custom servic after multipl email went unansw i told them i think it wa miss an o ring becaus it would not hold vaccum they said yep it might be and that wa it no we will get one right out to you or ship it back for an exchang they were veri rude i just seal it with some gasket maker and it work now but look terribl i would go with differ unit with beter qualiti control"
"use thi tool to remov my fuel line on fuel filter changeomg i wa under the truck for over hour wrestl with it eventu the tool broke what piec of junk i order the metal sissor one off of amazon got the fuel line off in 2 minut liter i heard the click and the fuel filter just came out save yourself some time and aggrevationif you have ford truck get the sissor tool not thi plastic junk"
"i got thi to tri to chang out fuel filter on 03 f150 it veri nice that it ha bunch of differ size but there noth to grab onto onc you slip it over the fuel line there on the littl larger piec of plastic to grab and i wa not about to gener enough forc to pop off the back fuel line i also found that the harder i push the more the tool sort of open up if you could get your finger direct behind the wide end of thi tool you could realli gener lot of forc and probabl pop the fuel line off easili the way it set up though you cantwhil it more expen i think the larger aluminum one tool seem like the way to go there you actual have someth to hold onto i should add though that i have feel my fuel line is bit rust gum up and so perhap under normal condit thi tool might work without huge amount of effort push as hard as i could though i wa not abl to get the fuel line off with thi tool"
"i decid i need new seal puller and pick thi up cheap here on amazon i tri to pull two seal with it today and it just tore through them like can open it would have been easier to use hammer and chisel"
"these will slip off and damag the clamp as well as skin your knucklesmayb if you were in place with good access to the clamp it would work i wa despir when i bought these and just wast money"
"nice rig but it becom unhappi and stick if you use it in cold weather below 40 sit seem to stick so if it stick your back to use it as tire inflat and use your tire pressur guag again the entir reason for thi thing is to pump air in read it your done not the case if it stick not you have lost faith in it"
"i should have return thi it no strobe light the induct time light is so much easier at least where you have batteri power it made well but be sure to have the devic fulli insert into the wire mine fell on the floor for not doubl check the wire attach and it could have damag it"
"i bought thi first think it would be good buy i left it in my glove box on to find it one day bent did not last long in storag i then i bought the digit tire pressur and tread depth combo way better product look up accutir ms48b digit combin tire thread depth gaug and tire pressur gaug"
"far too flimsi thi thing feel like it need to be pack to the gill in order to retain it rectangular shape would also appreci some type of rubbervelcro grip on the bottom so it not slide around in my trunk when light loadedit doe it job henc the noreturn but at the same time i didnt expect 34soft sided34 to mean 34collap in all situat except fulli load"
"i wish thi had rigid divid instead of just fabric the unit is too floppi in gener unless you load it up with lot of stuffthi is on tini but more use than standard duffel bagi would recommend you spend bit more and get thi one snapon 870116 21inch trunk organ and tool carrier i did and am much happier with it as it is ridid and seem to hold just about as much stuff"
"i realli wasnt impress with the over result of thi polish as part of the mother 3step kit i use all 3 step and still think i get better result from tech wax"
"it would have been five star review but 409 work better on clean up bike mother just make the part you use it on look wet and leav the dirt beneath four star"
"thi kit seem like more of hassl than it wa worth after use one clay bar my car finish wa ind smoother but it look exact the same few littl spot of sap came out here and there but i honest think the same thing couldv been achiev with goo gone and windex"
"i have been detail car and aircraft for forti yearsi have tri almost everi thing out there as far as wax and cleaner goim am old school simoniz guy yea lot of workbut it worksi would alway use cleaner first dupont workedi figur it might be time to tri someth newso i tri the mother clay bar did not work welli tri meguir clean and wax and that stuff is greattri klass real good stuffmicro fiber the more you spend the better you getth clay wa joke"
"purcha thi product to remov minor scratch it ate through my clearcoat and left me with 400 in damag had an auto detail look at the damag befor get it fix he ask what product caus it and i told him 34scratchx 2034 he repli 34oh i would never even use that stuff it too abrasive34bottom line from my experi with thi product do not purcha it under ani circumst unless you are veri experienc work on carsthi is truli one star item avoid at all cost"
"i tri it on superfici scratch and kept rub the product sever time and reappli 3 time and scratch is stil there i tri it with foam pad microfib pad microfib towel worst product meguair produc"
"thi is not rub on buff off product like wax it take lot of rub against the scratchit appear to be do more harm than good ad scratch to my fair dark vehicl im use it by hand with foam applic which never ha scratch my finish when wax i find the result of good coat of wax do better job and dont add addit swirlmark scratch like thi stuff it may work better with power buffer by hand it pretti useless"
"doesnt work worth darn regular wax work better than thi product veri disappoint with mequiar which i thought wa good brand i will go back to turtl product from now on"
"as titl say wast of time money and calori i have 08 bmw 335i sport silver color have long scratch similar to those that guy post in product imag spent almost an hour tri all differ techniqu thi product simpli doesnt work if you have new car with nice paint i would avoid buy thi it might work for some old car which paint is in differ condit but not for me sorryp i bought full set of meguiar paint care you can find my review on other product as well what actual work for me somewhat is ultim wax and clay kit contamin remov kit clay kit is veri hard to appli though but it work"
"not realli impress with thi product the meguiar cleanerwax product doe much better job thi may be good for some car but not mine"
"thi product is good but not outstand as barri meguiar say not last as long as he say ive use both summer and winter and in 6 week lost mani of it properti in the real world not in the world of barri meguiar you have to wax the car everi month if you want to protect your car is not true that regardless of price wax last for mani monthssinc you appli the wax start to degrad the environ sun uv rain dust when you wash you remov the wax inevit part becaus dust and pollut and the pollut and stick to the wax and when you remov these contamin also remov the wax"
"ive own thi wax for some time it doesnt last more than month if that it pain to put on and take off it goe on ok but take it off is anoth stori leav almost oili residu until you wash your car or use numer towelsmicrofib to take it off how much do you realli want to rub your paint to get the residu off i have black paint i havent realli seen ani good protect from the element or from birdsbug one postit is that it doe smell good when appli it but im sure meguiar ad the fragranc for some market perspect all in all for the price compar to durabl thi stuff is wast and not sure whi meguiar even put it on the market"
"meguiar came out with the origin nxt around 2005 and it wa actual pretti good product not the greatest shine but wa fair durabl and easi to appli then sometim few year later nxt 20 wa introduc and to me it wa huge step backward although it just receiv high favor rate from the big consum magazin it is far from one of the best product on the market thi version 20 ha veri poor gloss characterist on dark color car and the durabl is just terribl liter no more than six week befor water stop sheet off the cari maintain eight differ person car and so am almost alway wax someth i think all the high price multistep product are just so much snake oil be sold at outrag price and trust me ive tri almost all of them good surfac prep is the key to the success of ani waxsynthet product and that involv clay light cut cleaner polish and then the final way onc prep proper just about ani product will do realli well and if appli regular will protect the finish and make futur prep unnecessari my current favorit for durabl and shine is turtl wax cleanercarnuba although the good old meguiar cleaner wa in the purpl bottl is still darn good product at bargain price"
"thi product is easi to appli and easi to wipe off but on black car especi it doe not give nice deep glossi or wet look shine it leav more of streaki oili finishi switch over to yellow carnuba wax and the differ wa night and day i have full bottl that i no longer use and it just sit in the garag collect dustif you have black car and stick with carunba wax instead of synthet meguiar to make great product but thi one fail to impressi get better shine off of meguiar cleaner wax than thi nxt stuffbut friend introduc me to mother pure carnuba wax and i have sinc made switch in brand i mean the shine you get with thi stuff is just insan"
"after buy the meguiar da polish and the frequent bought togeth deal includ the 65 finish pad and the 65 polish pad i found out direct from meguiar that they have updat the pad to 7 which includ recess to make center the polish back pad easier and have improv the velcro back pad adh so that the new 7 pad are actual machin washabl the velcro pad is attach far more secur the older 65 pad often lose their velcro back due to washingcleaningth is no doubt in my mind that the pad materi is of high qualiti on either the new 70 or thi older 65 pad it just that meguiar ha improv and updat their pad now the recess on the back of the pad definit aid the user in center the pad that one featur alon make buy the 70 pad nobrain combin that with the improv back pad adh and now we have slam dunkher are the link for the newest and improv padssoftbuff 20 foam polish pad 7 inchmeguiar w 9207 7 soft buff 20 foam finish pad"
"also had some bake on oil stain on tti ceram coat header on our 70 challeng caus by leak rear main seal onc repair tri semichrom to remov them no success at all again pull out the mothersalthough slow and tediou it did the job with no damag to ceram coatingscrew on lid on mother make far better sen semichrom lid requir an inconveni pri tool to removewhich tend to clobber lid caus it to not seal well addit semichrom is somewhat on the order as twice as expen i should have purcha tube instead of can to give it trywould have save 15 or so dollar"
"from the moment you touch the packag youll begin to wonder if thi came from dollar store it ha that knockoff look and feel that you just dont see in mainstream storesand onc you have the flare out of the packag youll probabl notic how it about readi to crack befor you even screw on the batteri cap you may even notic or be disturb by the similar look thi ha to more adultori itembut hey the box say it superbright led that as good as flare right well that not so true the dopey led isnt veri bright at all if thi is as bright as flare then maglit is as bright as the sun i wrote it off to the crazi nonam aaa batteri and tri some fresh duracel same resultbut but it say it ha map light too ind it doe hope there noth red on your map becaus the map light is that same dopey red led but not blink and realli that someth to give some seriou thought to if it wa realli that bright would they suggest you use it as map light i think notif anyth id think that use thi as road flare is more like to confus driver than warn them in fact the on use applic thi ha that i can think of is use the loophol to tie it to your kid on halloween that is if your angri with your kid and want to shame them with someth that not even as bright as glow stickpay more than the cost of candi bar for thi is pure insan"
"thi is littl red flashlight period ye the red light is bright and ye it blink if you set it to do so but thi would never take the place of real flare under ani circumstancesdo not buy thi to replac the flare you should carri in your car emerg kitmost flashlight have the light beam come straight out of the end of the tube thi one ha the light come off the side like beacon or lighthous it can on be view from straight on while flare put out inten light in all direct like sparkler thi littl flashlight on put out light in one direct the direct you have face the beam do not buy except as toy or as hike signal light i have given it two star for it be at least that usefulflar no way"
"i thought thi sound like handi item to have in my car for emerg so when the amazon vine program offer it for review i order it first of all it cheap plastic and made in china that alon will usual put me off of buy an item i see in storei insert the includ batteri and turn it on it emit red light that can either blink or remain static i thought the light seem small and feebl but i wait until nighttim to give it real test i set it on my car with the magnet end hold it to the hood and walk down the driveway to see it from distanc although the red light wa visibl it wasnt near bright enough to be use as flare in roadsid emerg it wasnt even as bright or eyecatch as the light you see on bicycl rider at nighti would never reli on thi product to warn oncom car of breakdown nobodi would know what it wa even if they saw it in time to react im stick with real flare which are visibl from far away and instant tell other driver of an accid or hazard aheadi hope nobodi decid to use thi product as safeti flare in their car i wont even keep it in my car as map light as they suggest on the packag ill reli on the small mag light i alreadi have in the car"
"i wa enthus when i first saw thi product i strive to keep safeti item in the car and hous so thi one seem perfect flare that run on batteri i could get bunch of these for my car and for my boyfriend car and make sure were alway safei pop in the batteri and turn it on thi is flare i took it outsid i tri it at night there no way car come down highway is go to see that tini light and know anyth is go on person reli on thi is set themselv up for catastroph disast have highpow flare isnt just casual nice to have thing it can liter be the differ between stay aliv and have sleepi trucker barrel into the car demolish itth light isnt even strong enough to read by in the car there noth i would use thi for and the fact that they market it as flare safeti devic concern me great i worri that someon will fall for that claim tri to use it as flare and end up with seriou injuri or worsei high recommend that peopl buy real flare for their car and check on them everi year or two have flashlight check the batteri safeti is importantdefinit do not buy thi product"
"when i receiv hein 1020 commutem flameless flare i had high hope real flare can be danger messi and difficult to use i thought thi might be the perfect thing to place in my old truck in the event i had breakdown i also thought it might be good to take on my atv trip in the event i break down on the trail and need to leav some kind of visibl marker on my atv along the trailsad to say i wa rather disappoint the flare is power by two aaa batteri and singl red led in the daylight the light output from the flare is bare notic at nighttim it is slight more notic and might serv as marker light on your car to someon who is pay attent or if you were use it on dark trail it might be visibl from short distanc but it realli is no brighter than the keyfob led that are intend to assist in unlock door the light is also unidirect on come from one side of the flare so care posit would be must i think it would be tricki to use as map light too sinc map often contain red text which would be difficult to see with red lightthat said i will not go as far as to claim that the product misrepr itself it is reusabl and it could function as secondari warn marker it is not flammabl and it came with batteri which seem rare these day the idea for the magnet end that stick to the side of vehicl would be good if most vehicl were made of steel but mani these day are made of fiberglass or aluminum and thu the magnet serv limit purposeif thi product were market as sort of secondari marker light it might be accept one could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as failsaf after all the more light the better howev the idea that it would serv as flare is just not correct if i were chang tire along the side of busi road for exampl i would have no faith that anyon would see or notic thi light in their headlight i would expect someth much brighter for an applic such as that and given that expect thi product unfortun fell short of both it name and purpo"
"if your familiar with the red flash led bicycl tailight seen on so mani bike these day then youll understand whan i say that thi unit is essenti onel version of those light ye it visibl from good distanc away but on if your direct behind it the len that focus the light from the led concentr it over perhap 10 degr the base ha magnet it it that will allow it to stand up on the roof of car assum the roof is metal which is still true for most car so as road flare it better than noth but still nowher near as visibl as tradit flare or just put on on your car fourway emerg flashersso what use it is it might be use as rescu devic for signal or locat someon in the wood at night if they had the presenc of mind to bring it along with them given the low price it might be worth experi with"
"there are definit some advantag to thi over tradit flare it will last much longer and it ha magnet base that is strong enough to hold it on metal part of your car the batteri cap screw on and ha gasket in case it is rain it is also compact and lightweightth disadvantag is that it isnt anywh near as bright as flare it ha singl led that is veri direct if it wa place on the road in front of car it would be veri easi to overlooki think fold triangl with reflect tape along with coupl of flare would be safer alternativesean p logu 2010"
"at first look the hein 1020 commutem flameless flare seem like good idea in certain limit circumst im sure it might be use for most circumst howev i would on use it as an absolut last resortth item is made of plastic not just ani plastic but appear to be manufactur of the kind of hard plastic that quick turn veri brittl and crack when expo to the extrem temperatur variat found insid vehicl which after all is where thi item is meant to be kept while it is batteri power and doesnt realli pose ani kind of roadsid fire hazard it use is sever limitedfirst of all one ha to reli on alway have it load with good batteri dead batteri do noon ani good and ive found most peopl just throw item like thi in the trunk or glove box and forget about it not realli think to check the batteri regularlybut doe it work well ye sort of the unit ha small len power by an led that either blink on and off or light up continu the continu on is meant for lowglar map light while the blink featur is meant to captur the attent of oncom motorist unfortun the led is not veri bright and is like to go unnot from anyon farther away than 15 to 20 yard and is so small and low inten that even if notic it is doubt anyon would recogn it as hazard or warn beacon while we certain dont want anyth so bright it blind oncom driver we also dont want someth so dim that it doesnt trigger anyon warn instinct soon enoughinterst highway forget it buy some reflect triangl rural highway not much of chanc of be seen in time at highway speed well lit neighborhood it like wont get notic from my perspect about the on time unit like thi would attract ani attent is if it wa on poor lit rural backroad where the speed limit is 35 mph or under and there are no other light in the area to caus ani distract or overpow the weak light sourc thi unit provid then if your vehicl hazard flasher dont work by all mean thi is better than absolut noth just rememb to check the batteri"
"pro batteri driven flash or steadi light flameless flare can be use as map light reusabl could be use effect as light that doe not serious degrad night visioncon product claim to be visibl at 1000 ft but thi is on possibl within few degr of view one half of the top light up for dim present but the bright led shine out through narrow beam like small red flashlight consequ the flare would probabl not be use in traffic situat sinc it would have to be preci align with oncom traffic and would on be visibl by the few driver within thi narrow beam of light it is certain not good substitut for real flare which is much brighter and omnidirect thi littl light is not as good as the emerg flasher built into vehiclesif you want safeti flare to carri in your vehicl buy the real thing if you want light you can use as map light without distract driver or to see where your walk without serious degrad your night vision thi red light will do that well"
"thi item ship defect part not cover with chrome are rust thi is usual good product i have purcha the same product recent and did have ani problem i need to have these two plate replac"
"fell off almost immedi but it wa cheap so no big loss on someon anal as me would think the small lic plate screw need cover"
"these chrome cap would not work on my plate the licen plate screw head were larger than the plastic ring that hold the cap i end up use them on my motorcycl these cap were less money at my local harley dealer too id give them pass next time"
"i have two car both of which requir the larg 14 sheet metal selftap screw to mount the plate to the nylon retain behind the plate the one mount on the car that the screw screw into problem is that diamet of the plastic ring that hold the screw cover is too small to take the screw larg diamet head the maximum screw head diamet that will fit the ring is 435 inch 11 millimet option 1 replac the nylon retain on the car but differ car have differ retain so one must search for new one that will accept 12 screw option 2 tri to find 14 selftap screw with smaller head i shop around for 14 screw with smaller head to no avail option 3 grind down the screw head diamet option 4 not good on one car i use 12 sheet metal screw that have smaller diamet but do fit the ring and wrap the thread with tape thi sort of work but i realli cant tighten them down satisfactorili so i have to check their secur now and then im leav the other car as is for now mayb someon ha more practic idea sure would like to hear of them btw see the updat belowupd 111613i think ive found viabl solut to the abov problem i use 12 sheet metal selftap screw place 12inch long piec of ordinari shrink tube 14 id over the thread toward the point end of the screw use heat gun or you can use match bic lighter or solder iron to shrink the tube which effect increa the thread diamet to about that of 14 screw thi allow me to tighten the screw secur and will last much longer than ordinari tape one more thing the thick of the screw head doesnt quit allow the chrome cap to fulli snap into place over the nylon ring the top of the head need to be file down littl leav enough philip x to use the screwdriv"
"im plea with the appear of these on my nouveau plate cover but they feel incr cheap and i dont expect them to stay on while drive down the road i understand you need to be abl to take them back off but i feel like theyr go to fall off on their ownwel see how it turn out"
"the cover pop off and are worthless dont buy thi junk look great when you instal but the cover wont stay on when the car is move"
"thi is cheap piec of junk made in wellknown foreign asian land known for produc junk the two light are not led and do not flash quick like real secur system they are dull light altern from one to the other dont wast your money or batteri anyon will tell it fake i threw mine in the garbagewasnt worth send back"
"thi kit is just ok everi piec in the kit is extrem light weight if you are mall crawler and on hit fire road than thi will do fine if it much more than that then look at the arb kit"
"let start off by examin the product claim made by the manufactur sinc some peopl seem to think that those of us who arent fan of thi product are at fault for expect it to live up to those claim clean and lubric the fuel system clean and lubric the carburetor and injectorsth are the word of luca oil product on lucasoilcom not me so if you want to lambast me or us for expect thi product to clean our fuel system you will have to first explain whi we should not expect it to given that the manufactur say it willsea foam motor treatment is claim by the manufactur on seafoamsalescom to clean intern fuel system compon clean carburetor fuel injectorsdo you see the claim overlap between the luca and sea foam productsi bought coupl 525ounc bottl of thi stuff for my car which had veri rough idl certain that all the posit review couldnt be wrong i also bought gallon of it at my local auto part store fortun i got steep discounti put one bottl through the fuel system no improv then anoth bottl still noth no notic improv whatsoevereventu i tri sea foam motor treatment and with one bottl of that got the result i wa after no i didnt mix the productsa far as i am concern thi product is posit useless for clean the fuel system lt and is clean the fuel system state product claim ye it is thank for ask"
"i have use it few time and it dise not do what is said of the product the interior doea not come clean it doe take up littl dust but that it it did not clean all the dust like it said it would"
"if your interior is alreadi clean dont use it it will leav lot of lint on your dash i have one week new car and i want to keep my interior dust free so i got thi from amazon with other car care product i had appli some armor on my dash and leather seat to keep it protect after few day i am notic some dust are begin to collect on my dash so i want to start use thi duster after open it brand new out of the blister pack i use it on my dash and it left trail of lint on my dash and door panel i thought the duster is chemic treat so that it should pick up dust instead of leav lint now i am not sure if i would ever use thi again"
"the clamp are chinci the wire guag is smaller than the 12 exten i put on the other end of it if your not go to put huge load on it then im sure it will work but you get what you pay for if it wa heavier duti and had an inlin fuse then id be happi with it"
"first of all the cigarett lighter outlet just doe not have enough amp to jump start car motor second the plug wa shatter upon arriv and render thi batteri cabl unus"
"both the stock photo and the jkoster jpg you see of thi product are no longer valid and whatyou get is what my jpg showsth product ha been cheapen by shorten the wire by half now 1 footbi the time you spread the wire apart enough for the clamp to reach bothtermin on standard size 12 volt car batteri you have just taken up halfth wire length which leav you 6 inch left overi have not strip the insul of the wire to check gaug but it cant be anymorethan 18 16 at the mostwhil the product doe work you would have to use it right on top of the batteri which isok for me as i on use it for test purposesa far as the whole front panel illumin line i cant figur out whi that is in theproduct blurbth product come in cheap clear plastic bag not thermal form pack as is shown soth product you see is not the product you getagain see my jpg of what you actual getdu to the low price it is not worth return but you should be awar of these chang"
"i use lot of mother product but thi glass cleaner is the wor it leav streak all over the glass also when use on the insid of the glass it fog up the glass at night the glass fog up so bad it becom danger ive tri use microfib and terri cloth towel ive switch back to straight water to clean the glass"
"i purcha bottl of mother glass cleaner simpli becaus i have use other mother product wax and they seem to work veri well also thi cleaner is safe for tint window becaus it doe not contain ammoniaunfortun i wa extrem disappoint with thi glass cleaner as it streak more than windex and no matter what i tri i could not remov the streak at alli did not notic ani differ in the streaki between nontint and tint glass both were pretti badi end up just throw the bottl out and went back to use microfib cloth and purifieddistil water"
"the tender work margin well and after few year the ground prong pull loo of the plug i cut the unit plug off and replac it thi unit keep the batteri charg but ive notic my voltmet read just over 13 volt everi morn so it seem to me that thi unit is keep the batteri bare charg instead of fulli charg i recent bought solar prologix 12 amp batteri charger that seem much better built and keep the batteri more fulli charg if the prologix literatur is to be believ it is much more sophist unit than the batteri tender while the cost is just few buck more"
"i own sever vehicl and motorcycl and i had one of the pre china batteri tender and it last for sever year it did so well i bought 3 more of the batteri tender pluse at one time at christma 2010one work for about 9 month and then would not go into the float mode it kill the batteri from overcharg hook up the next on differ batteri and it work about 2 week befor do the same thingnot go into float mode the 3rd one last less than week each ha 10 year warranti so i phone deltran and spoke to their tech he cannot understand my problem tri on differ batteri plug into outlet first blah blah blah i paid over 10000 for 3 of these chine junk chargersi can send them back and they will check at my cost if noth is found wrong i would be charg servic fee and return ship poor custom servic bad qualiti for what these cost they should lastdo yourself favor and do not buy these batteri tender chargersupd 1152014 buy an xtreme chargeri have 3 of the red xtreme charger see my review"
"i purcha thi batteri tender to keep the batteri in my summer car charg up in the off season unfortun thi batteri tender caus my batteri to leak acid all over the trunk of my car caus corro and requir an expen repair i purcha thi unit specif becaus it not suppo to overcharg car batteri what mistak dont buy thi product it doesnt work as adverti i reach out to the manufactur via their websit twice but they never respond to me faulti product no custom servic fail"
"add me to the list of failuresaft 11 month i do not know whi i ignor over 30 one star review i thought with all of the posit they must be fluke well mine just fri nasti burnt electron smell no light no output it did not hurt the car it wa attach to and i discov it veri soon after failur it is not worth the hassl indic by other to file warranti claim i order an xtreme hope for longer life and good perform anybodi read thi review bewar the failur rate on these deltran is too high"
"had my batteri tender plu for just over 2 year and it work great for those 2 year maintain the batteri in an antiqu car recent i put it on the batteri on my daili driver and the charg light didnt come on test on sever other batteri seem it lost it statu light and all it regul and just put out constant 15 volt now cook whatev batteri i hook it up to their tech support wa rude and unknowledg of cour their warranti is joke sinc it will cost 50 of it valu just to make use of their warranti i consid buy anoth but with so mani other choic now on the market i cant ration the batteri tender high price i replac it with vector for the same price which ha twice the featur"
"bought thi becaus of all the review but it did not work for me my harley use an agm batteri and found out after the purcha that thi charger cannot charg an agm batteri for simpl batteri maintain thi product is big and heavi i expect more"
"save your money cheap plastic stuff that wont work it wont stay on the mirror it is suppo to attach to fall off blow off"
"high recommend just make sure it ha ampl water to get start 1 gallon minimum use in warm and cooler weather without issueupd 42014 after camp an entir season with these i found that they didnt work veri well tissu and wast didnt seem to break down veri well and it most certain doesnt mask odor veri well i even tri use 2 packet instead of one for 30 gallon tank no differ asid from thing be veri bluei think im go to tri the tri and true happi camper organ treatment next"
"i have been use the liquid blue stuff for 4 year and never had problem until tri these blue packet now i had to call out pluber becaus the toilet paper wa not break down dont wast your money on thi stuff and by the way amazon wont let you return it either"
"work like crap doe not allow enough air in to blow line out save your money and use an air nozzl instead trust me"
"thi product is for turn petcock valv not for removinginst drain plug it my fault for not read the descript clear but what i want wa tool for remov the drain plug on my atwood 6 gal water heater in my travel trailer the nylon plug is in an awkward locat and without long socket exten which i dont have it is pain to screw and unscrew even though thi plug is on fingertight"
"i had thi unit for about 2 month work fair well the tab on the bottom of the unit broke after month i use tape for awhil and then gave up on it tri the valterra a102606 fridgecool 1128 ma fan with onoff switch ive had it for five year without ani problem the valterra is much easier on batteri too"
"mayb on bussiz class motorhom with larger refrig thi is use but it is not ani good for my rv refrig 26 ft vehicl decent size refrig i dont use thi as it is too larg and use the singl bar instead they work well"
"broke on day 1 bit cheap in constructionwould recommend differ product or even differ approach all togeth"
"i found wash car at home in florida did not give the same result as california bay area water too much spote and white residu leftsaw review where some one el use thi filter for improv car wash water so i bought thi filterprogreat look product for the costgret look packagingproduct screw thread fit water tight to water sourc and hoseaft few gallon the water come out clear and work well for wash car and rin it offconwat flow first wa about 60 of normal due i assum to flow restrictionwat flow after few more minut and less than 5 gallon wa reduc to 10 of normalth reduc flow could bare remov the car wash soapfirst few gallon had lot of black i assum carbon color to the water that becam clean and clear water as seen in the bucketnot i did verifi the high flow direct as the labl show i may tri to upload photo lateroverallfor florida hose water in the space coast area and use for car wash thi is not good product for motorcycl or small product okayfor other use i have no ideawould not buy again"
"the valv look good but i end up return it as it wouldnt work for the way i need to hook thi into my rv water system applic wa for 2012 keyston cougar 327re"
"seem like good idea but it leak incess no matter how much i tighten even with teflon tape on the thread i return it"
"no matter how littl or how much plummer tape i use thi unit would not seal and the butterfli valv metal bend easili would not recommend i end up put the origin plastic plug back in disappoint"
"i bought thi valv with high hope of simplifi the regular drain of our 6gal atwood rv water heater as remov of the standard nylon plug is pain due to it locat if you are look to purcha thi product under the same preten let me save you the time in my case the better part of an afternoonfirst quick explan of how the valv work there are actual three compon at play 1 the larg diamet plug that screw into the water heater 2 secondari plug that screw into the first and 3 the actual valv which you open and close to drain the water i believ the intent of thi design is to allow 34regular34 drain of the water heater with the lastsmallest valv while remov of the medium nut could be use perhap at the end of the season to allow more sediment and debri to exit the tank quick due to the larger diamet sidenot open the actual valv the smallest compon drain the tank veri veri slowli and sometim on at trickl if you cant get air behind the water in my case i had to open the pressur relief valv in addit to all faucet to produc an accept drain ratewhil the valv piec never had ani issu with leak the other compon did i tri screw in these nut with and without teflon tape and at variou depth no matter what the combin there wa alway small leak come from either of these piec there appear to be no way to practic stop the leak i also tri wrap the nut with an excess of teflon tape 5 wrap to no availi gave up after about 23 hour of tinker return the valv to amazon and end up stick with the standard nylon plug hint sear sell 1516 offset wrench that is perfect for remov these plug"
"thi valv is exact what i need to make drain the hot water tank in my rv breez unfortun it arriv with qualiti control problem the thandl wa not proper crimp onto the valv shaft the first time i tri to use the valv the handl came right off in my hand rather than fool aroung with the nuisanc of return it i rework the crimp with hammer punch i wa abl to make it secur enough that i can use the valv without the handl come loo hope it will not work loo be lost due to vibrat on the road"
"first off my fault for not realiz these are sold in singl unit and not in pair that be said im glad i didnt buy second one as these are hard plastic and will slide easili and not take hold unless you put rubber mat under it the good news is you can pick up pair of real rubber chock at harbor freight for less than 20 buck which work great"
"you just dont expect these to be made of hard plastic and so small but then you look at the price and kick yourself for expect more they work but i high doubt theyll still be around in 10 year"
"thi doe not fit my wheel it need hose to fit more stem configur the 100 is ident except for the 060 it is 0100 but state it ha 11 hose but it doesnt i recommend type with hose for versatil the 100 is nice but the 60 is fine for most applic if you have bike that need over 60 than look for 100 thi is not for all applic also be care not to drop thi or you throw it away"
"i purcha the camco 11553 anod rod for my atwood heater the anod wa poor manufactur and had slight bend in the shaft thi slight bend is enough to misalign the tread in the cap section to the point where if forc into place it would cross thread the femal thread in the water heater it is not worth the time or hassl to return so there it is scrap in the event the anod did thread in proper the instruct indic you should pull the anod onc month to be sure you keep the anod in remov state appar if you do not remov it onc month it will corrod in posit make it extrem difficult to remov i have decid to keep my factori instal nylon drain plug as the plug of choic my previou rv wa over 8 year old when i sold it and i never had corro problem with the nylon plug save your money"
"easi to instal but on the 4th day the self tap bolt came outstrip out of the frame it wa adjust as recommend and i never back up or turn too tight i felt it help and will like pay to have it weld in place lost one pin and 4three bolt i would probabl buy ree equal hitch with antisway next time but i have an eaz type"
"dont buy optima batteri pure junk after johnson control bought optima and move the factori to mexico they have gone downhil the last three i bought all went bad one befor i wa even abl to use it i had bought an optima to power my 56 chevi and after it sat unus for month i went to tri and start new motornoth wouldnt even take charg save your money and get one at the local part store with warrantyfyi essenti all auto batteri in the us are made by on 2 compani and then brand exid and johnson control check it out"
"they are rather small and realli cheapli construct i could have bought stuff at the store to build these cheaper they went with my old pop up trailer when i trade it in"
"on the stand is aluminum the center shaft handl and top are steel mine start to rust within week of use"
"all of fram oil filter are noth but cardboard insid i saw sever video on youtub show how bad these are so i cut my old one open at 3000 mi to see if it true it true all cardboard even the end cap even the tough guard all fram filter are like thi what wor is the pleat the cardboard pleat close shut and thi make the oil have to seek anoth open pleat to enter mine had half of it pleat close that mean on half the oil filter wa workingnext is the seem were the pleat row are connect it wa open half way up the seam becaus the glue came loo that mean dirti oil wa by pass the filter all togeth these are the worst filter on the market no doubt fram just spent so much money blow smoke up our tail we believ they are good filterscut your old fram open and look insid if you dont want to get dirti just go too youtub and type in fram oil filter noth but garbag fram couldnt care less about the life of your car buy anyth el but fram anyth"
"cheapo replac for the one i wore out but the tip ha not cover on the metal wire wrap around the bristl so i can pretti much guarant itll scratch the tire until i find good rubber tip to glue on it wont get use on my wheel not worth send back thi is not the one to buy until they fix that littl tip"
"i bought thi due to posit review but never again i leav streak and smudg no matter how i tri to use it even appli more than onc tri it on window glass in the home mirror and car glass all the same result realli want it to work but plain water would do better i rare write review thi neg but thi one earn it"
"on the advic of friend i replac my toyota tacoma manual transmiss gear oil with thi royal purpl max from the start i encount poor shift and excess gear noi after two month the shift got so bad i opt to replac it with the previou gear oil i wa use redlin mt90 now my shift is back to be easier with the gear noi gone for the price of thi oil it should have perform better than it did i wa veri disappoint"
"i bought thi to polish chrome wheel the powerb mini is huge letdown the foam start disintegr almost immedi when run across ani angl of the wheel surfac the foam is simpli too weak it rip and shred i would on use thi on veri smooth surfac that have no angl to them ridg bump etc but if your polish someth that simpl in shape you dont need thi in the first place grab rag and youll be done lot faster"
"to cost abd doesnt work ani better or easier than brush anddeterg to clean the tire and rim would not buy again"
"i use thi to clean an expen set of whitew tire befor sell classic car at auction and it wa big mistak i bought thi becaus i want to use someth safe to clean the whitew it did ok on the white area as in it didnt ruin it the black part of the tire end up discolor with streak it look horribl the tire look better befor i use it409 and simpl green do better of clean than thi producti will never trust thi brand for ani product"
"i bought three bottl all spray veri poor it came out in blotch would not cover the tire well i had to take spong to spread it even on the tire the clean wa not veri good better result with car wash sud"
"per anoth review an expir date give me break mine arriv dec 2012 and they expir jul 2016 so i at least have 35 year to enjoy my purcha perhap the resin get brittl perhap that as long as the lawyer want to wait for suitthey are also placard and to be fair note in the descript to be use with 29 tire max fine for car and trailer not usabl for motorhom which will typic start at 30 and go up from there the tight curv of the chock mean that the larger tire even 30 or 31 hit the top of the chock first and thi chock hard slick plastic will not grab surfac like concret or asphalt so the tire just push the chock alongtoo bad realli becaus it realli beefi chock with great ergonom design allow you to easili grab it for insert or extract sad to say i dont think the basic purpo is function"
"thi is wallpap seam roller i bought plastic one at low for 2 buck u can get rubber one for 6 buck at hardwar store im sure thi roller doe work but 13 buck is crazi i beat the heck out of my 2 dollar one and it still go"
"my 6 year old mazda 6 25 liter gh 5 speed shift abrupt from 12 gear did tranni filter chang and drain fill 3x befor pour thi whole bottl in atf requir 85 liter no differ at all still shift hard howev it doesnt make the shift wor so ill give it 2 star for wast my though it cheap gambl"
"thi gaug is accur and easi to read but it is veri difficult to get good seal there is no rubber insid the stem and you have to get the right angl to get good seal in the meantim air is escap and it game to get the tire pressur right where you want it"
"i bought thi tire gaug littl over two month ago the first few time i use it it perform admir it ergonom with clear lcd display that gave fast preci readingfast forward to the end of june after on three use and be store in my glove compart otherwi the gaug is now wild off after read the tire on my truck as 32 psi four week ago plug it in today regist 415 psi i thought mayb it wa the heat weve had thi past week but chang of 95 psi seem littl high so i test it with two other tire gaug which read 33 and 335 psi respect i use pump with manual gaug to drain tire and inflat it to 33 psi but when i test the tire with thi gaug it read it first as 415 psi and ten second later as 40 psiperhap i got dud but ani gaug that off by that much so soon rai red flag for me ill be look for my next tire gaug elsewh"
"we bought thi at canadian tire and within year or so the tire gaug split lengthwi along the seam make it useless as the air just leak out the side and doesnt measur the pressur i give it one star for lack of durabl it not like we use it daili so mayb 10 use"
"i purcha thi tire gaug becua i want digit display gaug that provides1 psi resolut while the accutir ms4021b gener doe the job there are twoannoy featur that should be chang 1 batteri cannot be replac by the user2 on some valv stem the accutir ms4021b doe not make seal to get an accur readingref 1 you have to send the gage in to the manufactur who will replac the batteri free of charg howev their turnaround time is more than two week and i had to call their servic depart both time i had batteri replac to get replac tire gaugefurthermor the batteri do not last more than year or so but i use tha gaug on week basi for all my vehiclesref 2 thi appear to be due to the chuck design ie the contact pin doe notprotrud far enough to allow posit seal on some valv stemsi am still search for digit tire gaug that allow the user to replac the batteri"
"do not wast your money bough mid grade 34full size34 digit gaug and found thi one to be off by 5lb"
"well it work look i expect product to be user friendlythi one is awkward to put on the valv and then read it doe not alway give you good readout the first tri i will have to check the valv two or three time to get proper read by time you do four tire your knee are shot the digit read out is not veri bright either all and all i am look for better gaug lot of folk like it though that is way i tri it so it up to youof cour if your are young enough and have good eye and knee thi is probabl just right for you good luck"
"i like other review wa unabl to get wide enough posit for the laser to reach the center dash of both car i had to dremel out the surround of one of the laser to get it to go to the right posit for my garag ceil height other than that it work fine and is moder improv over the tenni ball methodupdateaft instal thi devic for month we have notic both laser are get pretti dim few time i have complet miss see them on my dashboard and pull the car too far luckili i use brick as safeti stop under the tire or el i would have nick the wall short product life"
"junk watch the video on youtub it effortless to get off"
"i tri thi out twice as per the instruct didnt make much differ at all should have just kept my 20"
"paint wa thick and didnt spray on veri even at all wa tri to tint fog light and just didnt work"
"i order one of these for my 2008 saturn vue packag mark for 2008 vue but item did not work contact storefront who fullfil order for amazon and wa refer to curt mfg to obtain return number then had to contact seller again got refund but i purcha replac from local dealer seller later report wrong item number wa somehow in the packag"
"i want good qualiti and these were the highest price cover list on amazon they said on 4 set leftord soon i order the correct size and part number the correct size and part wa on the receiptinvo when they arriv 19 day later but they sent cover for 13 wheel i need 28 when i contact amazon they said my size wa no longer avail so they sent these are you kid me 13 cover for 28 wheel who made thi decisiona monkeyso i sent it back for refund i couldnt tell if the cover were good qualiti caus i never open the box what major let down after wait almost 3 week i went to local camper store and got set there the next day sometim save few buck just aint worth it"
"schumach sem1562a 15 amp speed charg maintainerwel worth the pricedo exact what it is suppo to doupdat after use thi charger less than 5 mo to maintain my rv which is seldom driven i have found that becaus of the charger fail to cycl back to the charg mode proper the batteri that it wa hook to wa stone dead now ill do some research to find out the annoy process of return the charger for warrantyupd i have contact the manufactur schumach concern the failur of thi charger but after 3 week have receiv no respon and it doesnt look like i am go to so i guess ill just take the loss of make bad choic and trash it btw i am use two chicago electr on board charger one on my jeep and the other on my mercuri sabl both are give veri good servic and are less expen than the schumach or the batteri tender"
"had it for week doe what it say it doe but make absolut sure the clip dont touch anyth when it attach posit allig clip got close to inner hood liner and burn flame up burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didnt blow the liner out i freak my vehicl would have gone poof pilot error bad design who knowsedit just call schumach and theyr replac it no problem up my rate from to thank schumach"
"ive sent back two of these and both have fail talk about cheap junk dont waist your money i now own geniu g3500 35amp and it kick big time butt"
"anoth review mention thi charger put out 150v in agm mode and that too mani volt for some agm batteri and it caus hi to outga reduc the batteri life my optima yellow top agm batteri is rate for 15v charg so i thought thi charger would be okay for it but the charger i got put out 155v i did find spec that say 156v regul voltag is okay for rapid charg on my batteri but they dont defin what rapid charg mean they do say with 156v to charg until current drop below 1 amp which i think mean you can do 156v until the batteri get closer to be charg and stop accept high amperag unfortun thi charger doe the exact opposit start at lower voltag and increa to 155v around when it decid the batteri is at 90 charg which seem to equat to about 126 or 127v on my batteri the charger keep output 155v until the batteri is fulli charg which may take hour so it seem unlik that good for most batteri and im pretti sure it against the charg spec on my batteri note that the charger show 154v on it readout but my volt meter show it actual 155vnevertheless i let it keep do 155v and check period to make sure the batteri wasnt hot it never even felt warm and an ir temperatur gun read 86f max and wasnt hiss hiss would mean it wa overcharg and relea ga perman reduc it life it took almost exact 12 hour for the charger to decid it wa 100 charg and go into mainten mode but when it did it pick 124v agm batteri are suppo to be charg at around 136v for mainten float charg so i have no idea whi it pick 124v i left it on for anoth hour and it actual reduc the voltag to 123 at which point i took it off the charger volt meter said the batteri wa at 1231vi cant decid if thi charger is broken ha weird charg algorithm or is actual veri smart i say that becaus my batteri wa discharg to about 35v few week ago well below the voltag it design to be discharg to it deep cycl but even deep cycl dont toler discharg below 50 and even below 105v may hurt them so it now damag and wont hold the full 136v it suppo to instead if i leav it on the charger at 155v for an hour it hit 128v and then quick lose charg to 125v in about 30 minut so mayb the charger somehow figur that out and decid that 124v wa full charg on my damag batteri so that what it use as it float charg i dont see how it could determin that if the batteri wa 128v or higher after the long 155v charg but who knowsi also dont know if 154v is realli bad for my batteri or for the averag agm i spent awhil research but couldnt find ani real authorit inform just bunch of peopl theoriz sinc it abov the 15v standard charg on the batteri spec sheet i dont think it good thing but then again i also found research nrel dot govvehiclesandfuelsenergystoragepdfsevs17prespdf show that serious overvolt yellow top batteri to 17v under certain condit actual increa it life so i dont know what to think but im lean toward think it bad thing to go against the manufactur spec sheet unless your in lab use special chargerswhat i do know is that the desulfin featur on thi charger didnt do thing for my damag batteri in fact i dont think it even kick in i connect the charger to small seal lead acid batteri that i left unus for too long and it went into desulfin mode i think the manual doesnt say how your suppo to know for over 8 hour pump 168v into the batteri until it said bad bat on it screen and stop charg in all that time the batteri never show over 15 charg on the charger though it did end up hold about 109v in my onlin research it wa mention in few place that there are no studi show desulfin actual work so im pretti dubiou about it it definit didnt work on either of my batteriesit wa also interest to note that the seal lead acid batteri never got warm which i find rather curiou consid how long it wa put in such high voltag i had the charger connect to killawatt meter and it show the charger wa pull on 015amp and 9watt and thi is in 2amp charg mode so mayb the charger is smart enough to use low amperag when it use high voltag and that prevent the batteri from get damag when it wa push 154v to my agm batteri it wa on draw 035amp and it actual reduc the amp to 029 as it got closer to 100 charg so mayb that protect the batteri from overvoltag damag but i dont know enough to be sure mayb batteri expert will chime in in the commentsanoth import thing to consid is that desulfin mode could damag your car electron if you dont remov the batteri from the car to charg it 168v is more than most car were design to handl and i found someon mention that bmw warn not to use charger that do thing like that so it definit concern i dont know if i feel comfort use thi charger again without remov the batteri from the car some charger claim to somehow magic detect the presenc of car electron and limit their voltag but thi charger say noth about that in it manualoth than all that the design of the charger is nice wire fit into pocket beneath the retract handl it will show you the batteri voltag on it readout until you tell it to start charg although it read 01 to 02v lower than my volt meter which is annoy button let you toggl between display of voltag or batteri percent it let you choo standard agm and gel cell and choo from three rate of charg the slower 2a charg rate is suppo to be better for mani batteri so use 2a or 6a if you arent in hurri i tri both those mode and it still put out 155v in 6a mode but it put out 153v in 2a modesinc thi is dedic 12v charger you dont have to worri about it autodetect actual automisdetect your discharg 12v batteri as 6v and never charg it past 6v which is problem with far too mani charger these daysdespit it nice control and smart form factor i give thi charger low rate becaus i think it tri to push some batteri beyond their limit in the name of charg them as quick or as fulli as possibl one review said it caus hi agm to outga and anoth said it burnt out hi batteri after few month of trickl charg mode if you have the right brand of batteri that can handl thi charger output and your batteri isnt damag it probabl fine but the fact that it can damag thing and may even damag car electron in desulfin mode strike me as veri bad design especi given that desulfin seem like more of market ploy than valuabl featur i also dont like that it volt meter read 01 to 02v under actual voltag"
"i use thi on the back window of my jeep grand cherok it doe not flex enough to have full contact on the window it on ha about 834 of contact i will not purcha thi again"
"it wa quiet and smooth for about 2 month in raini seattl it not particular great it squeak now the plastic 34booty34 that cover the arm i guess suppo to work to prevent snow from clog the wiper but did it help mehhard to say the end of the wiper have some red plastic cap on them and it veri distract to see someth red swoosh in front of my face in the rain whi couldnt they use black capsim go to look for tripl blade wiper blade which work better"
"09192012 not delight with thi product perfect fit for jeep command i own product were new in manufactur packag buy them from amazoncom save me time and effort i instal them within minut of open the ship contain readi to go within two minut great servic but the end result after on 90 day of use is veri dissappointing1242013 noth i do will make these wiper blade lay flat on the windshield and thi leav unclear mess right in the driver view area im replac them with piaa super silicon blade i expect the piaa will perform better in the washinton dc area ive use the anco winter blade befor without problem but these unit have seriou problem in cold below 20 degr f weather the rubber case around the mechan get stiff and the blade will not stay flat against the windshield when it move off the curv rest posit of the windshield thi leav an unclear area in the middl of the driver view not good thing i will not use them again we have had sever warm winter in middleatl coast area so i didnt experi thi issu befor the rubber case to keep the ice and snow out of the wiper mechan is good idea but it just doesnt work sad"
"i actual bought these from local auto part store thi wa about year ago it start rain out of no where and my old blade were not help right out of the box these work ok within few month they were streak by the time the wet season end they were total ineffect they actual made thing wor"
"these blade did not last month befor i had to get new onesi no thi ha been harsh winter in nyc but the regular wiper blade last longernot recommend"
"dont buy thi rear wiper for 1st gener xb it will not fit get oem or wiper from elsewh"
"veri cheap blade mine start chatter in 1 week and i return them buy qualiti motorcraft or similar blade amazon ha the best custom servic and took them back"
"the worst blade i have ever use i assum the first one wa defect so amazon replac it the 2nd one wa just as bad about 30 of the blade did not contact the glass so huge portion of the windshield wa never touch"
"amazon page show thi will fit 2002 toyota highland and i doubl check that with the anco web sitehowev thi blade will not fit 2002 toyota highland nor would it fit other toyota with the rear blade that ha wider than normal base where the blade attach to the shafti wrote 3 time to anco and parent compani ask them to explain whi their list is incorrect they never respond backi later purcah the trico 12a it did fit my 02 highland"
"i use for 1 day and and it destroy itself with pine needl now i get streak where the pine needl or ani other item i assum ha been drag so unless you are meticul and clean your blade befor you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immedi anytim ani item may fall onto your window do not buy these unless you do not mind streak the damag is perman not on when the item is still on the window"
"so i pour in good amount and mix it with water in the bucket there is lot of sud but then when i appli it to the car the sud dont carri overto me soap is just soap howev thi soap ha nice smell to itit doesnt remov dirt or debri ani better than the next soap howev i use to use rain x with carnauba wax and that wa great car wash soap it left my car shini after wash and thi i have to wax it after i bought thi at costco for like 12 dollar and it last me quit while i wouldnt go back to thi as it doesnt wax my car also it dri fair quick for some reason and leav soap residu"
"difficult to appli and gooey made mess after i am done use thi up i will be go back to my spray from meguiar which is great and last"
"so i recommend thi to clean your tire but it will strip the wax coat off the rim and leav the rim realli dri"
"no protect for liquid so it leak all over the place wa just place in box 20 time the size with brown paper on top as they use up and up doe not handl with care thi tend to happen so i am out of my moni as will not allow return on thi product and it wa damag in shippment"
"i have not read anyon review but i can tell you i bought dozen of these what wast i ise them on aluminum plastic and chrome rim and the brake dust doe not disolv loosen etcwat and scrub work better find anoth product"
"i love meguiar product but thi wheel cleaner wa wast of money it realli did not clean the wheel as suggest dont wast your money"
"ive use thi on two car and im not sure it actual better than the soap and water wash i gave the tire and wheel befor appli it just seem like fanci spray bottl of soap"
"im gener big fan of the meguiar product and use them for wash dri wax etc got thi think it would be good addit to the lineup howev not on doe it not realli add much to the over look but the applic method is all wrongthi product come as spray and is design as per the instruct to spray right onto the tire after do so it doe make the area where appli shini but the applic is uneven and even then becaus it mist it goe everywh onto the paint the wheel etc which is bad so you end up have to use someth like paper towel or cloth to spread the product even which end up remov most of the product and make mess over then the shine is gonethi product would be better made as bottl that is made to appli to pad or some other appli tool as the spray is too difficult to control to get it on on the tiressinc even it out also mean remov most of the shine whatev soak in leav dull but darker look so in the end the best it wa abl to do wa darken the tire slight the product briefli mention protect qualiti so star for that but it seem like an afterthought in the adverti materi so im somewhat doubt about that so over thi product doesnt seem worthwhil it more troubl than it worth it basic made mess made the tire darker but duller look and made the logoslettersnumb on the tire less visibl which in the end made it look less cool than befor so i wont be use thi particular product againoth meguiar product are great but thi one is not an essenti it seem like veri nich product that one would on need for special photo shoot etc in control environ but not as an everyday car polish tool"
"the meguiar hot shine high gloss tire spray is not impress when i spray the tire shine on my tire i find myself have to go back after about 5 minut and wipe it down with towel becaus it leav drip line down the tire kind of like if you put too much paint onto someth and it leav run the consist is equivel to regular grade milk it is not gel consist anoth issu i ran into is i will let the spray dri on the tire for approxim 301 hour and i still notic that it shoot up on the side of my car make spot on my rear bumper and front door after drive i like use the gel type of tire shine better that you brush on it flow on better without leav streak or run and it stick better to the tire not the side of your car one last thing i notic is when i spray the tire shine on my tire it leav dark crescent shape on my driveway that last for month not big deal but it anger me that it stick better to my black asphalt driveway than my tire"
"i purcha some much thicker microfibr towel as these one just arent thick enough to soak up suffici water these are now releg to clean the window and wipe down the interior"
"after dri my black car few time with thi towel it perform no better than ani other towel ive ever use sure it hold lot of water but that is part of the problem it doesnt easili wring out so after just few swipe it is complet satur with water anyth that i dri with it after it becom wet leav huge water streak mark behind unless i follow up with anoth dri towel my best result have been tradit chamoi that is easi to wring and doesnt leav streak behind after the first pass"
"onc it get wet there isnt much you can do about wring it out it titl is true i do not know whi some give five star to thi product is veri difficult to use it might not have use it and lie so bad that confus buyer becaus they believ that have five star is good product but it is not true i recommend the pva chomu i have one for seven year and work extrem well"
"let me state up front i wa my car lot and i mean lot two to three time week or more i normal use soft cotton bath towel and chang them out as i go so i alway have one semi dri towel to remov the last bit of water i dont have problem with thi method as i clean my towel often and keep my car wax so the system work well for me no scratch or swirlsbuti thought i might be miss someth so i got one of these towel and frank i realli cant see the point while it might be softer than normal cotton or terrycloth towel and doe soak up lot of water it pretti much stay wet after that you can wring it out but it just spread water after the initi use no matter how much you wring it if your go to use it as first pass to soak up the major of the water then i guess it okay but as your car start to dri you end up put more water down then wa there when you start unless you have bunch of these towel so you can alway have dri one it not ani better than the method i use nowi just dont get the point or valu in use these towel and theyr pretti small too i dont know that it will ever be part of my normal car wash routin but it unlik it nice towel so i might find some other use for it as some pointi cant recommend thi to anyon for it intend purpo just use some good soft bath towel and save your money"
"meguiar ha alway had great product so i thought id tri it and compar it to my vike microfib waffl weav dri towel it doesnt realli comparefar less absorb and too small i can dri my whole rang rover with the vike thi bare made it past the 2nd quarter panel"
"to be honest the towel wasnt realli that water magnet i person find my old towel would do much better job"
"no luck with thi meguiar product it doe just okay when dri the paint after i wash my car but the glass is anoth sad stori"
"i wa look for nice towel and after read these review i wa convinc to buy thi product im disappoint becaus im meguiar fan and i wa sure that would be nice product it doe not abborb the water as announc"
"bought thi despit the poor review figur mayb sinc most of the review were older that they may have improv the towel sinc then nope quit possibl the worst towel ive ever use it basic just push the water around on my car and soak up some of it but doesnt realli dri the car it just smear it around until the water evapor into the air my old beach towel work 100x better and i thought meguiar wa suppo to sell good qualiti product live and learn i guess"
"thi product is so inferior to griot that it is not funni look meguiar make great car wax product thi is probabl product they sub out and then add make up too it too thin to small just all togeth beneath the reput of meguiar product line as dri cloth not veri good at all as wax remov cloth just not good enough listen if you detail your engin compart these are just fine if you are not car person these are go to be good enough for you realli but if you are fussi about your car wax it detail it these would be the product you want to use for wheel engin and door jam i alreadi own them so that is what i will use them for same an old hous towel would be use if that is what you are look for look no further these will do but for dri or wax removalnot"
"i use it to wax my daughter car it fell apart befor i finish appli wax wa veri dissatisfi with thi meguiar product"
"amazon said it fit 2007 honda element but the element wiper arm is not j hook amazon need to fix their wizard thi make me hesit to purcha other auto part from them"
"accord to the select process it show that thi product fit my car i have had troubl make thi fit for my car again with all my review i research more than the averag person and thu far i had to put the old wiper blade back on my car sorri i hate give bad review but thi is what i feel"
"the three year old bosch wiper wa squeak becaus itd turn stiff and wouldnt flip over on the opposit stroke i replac it with rainx the wiper streak along it entir length after instal when i use my windshield washer id hope that in heavi rain it would clean up and work well wrong it got wor and my visibl wa so poor that i felt that drive wa danger luckili i didnt have far to go befor i could chang it ive alway like the rainx liquid so felt that i could trust the brand mayb i got bad one but ive never had thi happen with other brand i wont chanc buy these again"
"didnt last veri long in the florida sun not impress with ani of the rainx product wouldnt buy again prood that good market plan can sell even an inferior product"
"purcha set of these wiper for my wife rav 4 march of 2012 as raini season wa about over decid to keep them in the garag until coupl of day ago instal them easilyfir them up to tri themwindshield wa wet from morn dew streak badlyhowev drove off with them on as wa in hurri and felt that i would deal them laterlat yesterday got bit of rain turn them on they streak so bad that almost unabl to see at allth left side far wor than right sidewindshield is clean and smoothno rough or defectstoday i call rainx support 18004161600 and spoke to ladi name adriantold her of my issu she ask when purcha i said march 2012 and instal coupl of day ago she then said that there blade were on good for 6 to 12 month i told her that had been store she ask if in temperatur control environ i said in the garag where temp never exc 85 degr and were kept in origin packag in dark closet she said that wa the problemi told here that the origin wiper on the toyota rav 4 were 3 year old and still function better than rainx that were 6 month old store properlynot expo to element and never use and yet were far wor in smear of windshield than the old originalssh then told me that they have 90 day warranti and with receipt i could return i said that i purcha 6 month ago and had kept for when i would need them she said that wa too bad and there wa noth that could be donethat my improp storag wa whi they failedi ask her if 3 year old origin that had been use and bake in the sun and element were superior to rainx blade that had been store proper for 6 month and unus she said that she wa not suggest that at alla an asidemad in korea assembl in chinacannot understand whi rainx even provid custom support numbera there certain is no support here if adrian wa my employ i could can her as she truli is ineptlik the worst product that ive ever purcha"
"car wax seem to have fair amount of sizzl and hype includ at no extra chargeaft use both product i prefernu finish liquid car polishzymol is much less durabl than nu finish accord to consum report test nov 2011 about twice the cost see note 1 shelf life is not as good see note 2if your time count for anyth durabl is big deal same protect fewer wax past wax altern these past wax are even more durabl accord to the cr reportnu finish past car polishorturtl wax t465 8 oz ice polish past note note 1 amazon price for nu finish swing most between 7 and 11 walmart ha it for about 8 thi compar with about 16 for zymolth an onlin price alert that will email you whenev thi or ani amazon product dip below your target price googl it it nice done or tri camemcamelcamelnot 2 shelf life i have bottl of nu finish and also zymol from about 6 year ago the zymol is separ into graini chunk and thin liquid hard to rehomogen but the nu finish is perfect good"
"these littl thing are realli cool so i would recommend them if you dont mind drill out your plate mount i just wonder what kind of idiot would use larger screw in their product than the us standard"
"stop got thi to take out the front side oxygen sensor on my 2002 ford crown vic polic interceptor p71 it doe not fit no way no how get 78 combo wrench or one of those fanci pant combo wrench with the split socket at one end my sensor werent even that tight"
"it is cheap steel receiv tow hook noth morea retain clip to keep the strap in the hook should have been includ at the veri least otherwi ani slack might make your tow strap pop out or wor yet stab your strap over the end of the hook and rip iti have done lot of pull vehicl recoveri and offroad drive ive seen everi scari unimagin tow method and ive seen peopl use thing that were not design for pull like cabl and chain misus of these item can serious injur and kill peopl as well as do major damag to vehicl becaus when you put thousand of pound of stress on tow line and sudden it break or let loo it shoot straight back in the opposit direct and will go right through windshield radiat plastic sheet metal and bystandersif you want someth to keep in your trunk in case you ever get stuck in ditch or if you even think your an offroad gear up for the trail dont buy thisfram mount clevi point are the safest bet but if you dont have that luxuri at least buy receiv clevi mount with close eye and screwpin clevisoth safeti advic from expertson use soft nylon tow strap rate at least twice your vehicl weightnev use strap with builtin hook or metal eyeletsnev use chainnev use wire rope cablei knew the danger when i bought it but im not use it for tow or emerg recoveri and i know how to and not to use it"
"i bought thi to pull small log and brush around our farm i got stuck in creek bed which wa much softer than i thought my 96 ford f250 diesel weigh over 7500lb with an extra fuel tank on it it is heavi truck but it no semi or anyth i got pull out by some guy in smaller nissan pickup which wa light enough not to sink in the creek they took roll start of five feet not more which complet straighten out the hook i dont know if i got one that somehow miss the temper process but what piec of just for more background the 10 foot tow strap wa rate at 5000lb so the forc requir to straighten thi hook wa less than that it might as well have been made from aluminum i cant complain too much at under 20 but i thought smittybuilt meant qualiti i wasnt take 20mph go at stump or anyth im glad that i could attach my strap to the frame easili enough if it had been an emerg situat id have been bugger"
"i receiv it as gift few week ago and am sell it againth is no real benefit of have such unitfirst the mount is an issu as you have the cabl run across your dashboard have second plug on the right side is interf with gear shift and whatev control you have in your center consol it would be better to have plug on the left side use the one in the back make the cabl run all across the dashboard no thank yousecond besid the tachomet if you dont have one what data readout do you realli need realli need noth exact code can be red out by ani auto place for free and what are you do if your convert speed is at certain speed exact see what i mean okay volt mayb but just maybeth unit sent back to scangaug for test doe hard come on by itself so you dont realli know if ani of the fueltrip data is accur thi make it alreadi question and therefor i do not have ani use for itso for us it is anoth item where we have to question it qualiti and reliabilityless than 1 month old contact me if you want it i take of 20 right away"
"befor purcha thi item i call the manufactur to be sure it did what i want they said it would but it did not i call them back and they said it wa capabl of what i want but i would have to program it for it to work not what you read on the packag not what the manufactur said and direct so poor i could not bege to program it and im geek"
"the grea is perfect the thing that bother me is that i use thi one time veri gentli i may add and the tube that it in got bunch of littl pin hole in it and now the grea leak out in my tool box to make matter wor i open the tool box the other day and the cap had split in two so now there even more leak out i thought i could buy thi and keep it around for futur use but now i am go to have to throw it away after use just tini bit on my spark plug wire what bummer"
"i start out veri happi with these but see updat at the end of the reviewth hatch on my 2002 grand cherok develop nasti habit of fall on my head becaus the strut were start to lose their lift power i bought two of these and in about 20 minut the problem wa solv they have been instal for about month and seem to be work just fineinst wa easi the old strut were held by two bolt on each strut onc they were remov the new one pop could be screw in you may have to hold the tailgat as far open as possibl to instal the struta coupl tip from the installation1 get helper much easier if someon hold up the tailgat while you are tri to replac these2 you will need torx bit not sure of the size but it wa the largest one in my kit3 the exist bolt are on pretti tight drop of penetr oil on the screw made it easier to remov the bolts4 my torx kit on had cheap screwdriv handl to hold the torx bit i end up destroy thi handl becaus the exist screw were in so tight it is probabl worth buy ratchet wrench setup befor you start5 one tip when instal the new strut it help if you snug up the upper screw first thi slight lift the strut make it easier to line up the bottom screwhop that help the whole process wa actual pretti easi if you can use socket wrench you can do thisupd 9913after 7 month of rel light use i open the tailgat rough 3 time per week my opinion of these ha gone from 5 to 1 star they still work but they make so much noi i am asham to open my tailgat within 100 yard of peopl open or close the gate will result in veri loud screech from both strut not an annoy littl squeak but veri lout annoy nailsonachalkboard screechi have tri film of oil silicon spray and creativ languag but noth will remov the screechi final track down the strongarm supplier avm industri and left an email messag on their custom servic websiteupd 92413i guess after 2 week they have no intent of repli to their email i call their tech support number 8007905438 no answer but left messageupd 92513anoth phone call anoth messag still no answer backupd 92613i pass the amazon 30 day window and thought i wa stuck but i contact amazon custom servic and told them my stori within an hour i receiv repli and amazon is take them back and provid refundso happi end but i will never touch anoth product made by avm industriesupd 101613got my refund less 20 restock fee chalk up 750 to experienceand final 101813after contact amazon custom servic again the refund my restock fee"
"bought two of these for my 2003 grand cherok limit one fit well but the other wa longer i couldnt compress the piston enough to fit it and tri to screw it in end up snap the metal make it useless i put the stock lift support back in and now i have one new and one old it open better but still not veri good"
"i have been wash all my car for year with turtl wax car wash and have alway been satisfi with thi turtl wax productswhen i bought thi product turtl wax zip carwax i wa realli disappoint about it wash perform the 34concentrate34 in the bottl is veri wateri to begin with no comparison to turtl wax origin zip car wash even though i use 1 fl oz 30 ml with bucket of water thi product doe not gener ani sud becaus of thi it is tough to get grime and dirt off you have to scrub realli hardi am baffl that thi product ha so mani posit review mayb turtl wax recent ha chang the formula for thi product and i got the newest version"
"meguiar quik is cheap which is great as long as your interior is alreadi pretti clean it ha no intrin clean power of it own beyond that of water in other word it will clean exact as well as damp cloth ani dirt that cant be lift with damp cloth will stay put it doe have nice scent which dissip in matter of hour youll probabl want more effect product if your car get lot of use andor carri mani passeng"
"i use lot of meguir product thi product turn my dash board splotchi and brown in spot i went over the cart few time to make sure the product wa be absorb even it made no differ the plastic on my consol shifter indic also turn blotchi i wait day and then went over everyth with meguiar 40 vinyl and rubber condit and everyth turn out great i believ the 40 is much better product at least on my car i call meguir and told them what happen they told me the 40 ha as much uv protect as the quick detail they had no explan as to whi i had bad resultsth plastic on my consol is still blotchi but i will tri some plastic len polish to tri and fix that just glad i didnt use thi on my instrument panel"
"i bought set of these ramp and they flat out dont work on my 2010 dodg ram 1500 4x2 in my garag andor on an asphalt park lot they dont stay put when i drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoot them along i have to hold them in place by use rubber floor mat andor wood stopper ye they have the rubber feet on their base but they dont hold hate themand wouldnt buy them again i return them"
"i bought thi stuff for my 1947 willi jeep the transfer casetransmiss ha develop nasti leak recent and i hope thi product would help i ad full bottl to the transfer case which wa leak the most and bit to the transmiss sump they are interconnect but have separ fill and drain hole it wa veri difficult to get into the fill hole becaus of the visco of the stuff about the consist of molass i drove around today about 40 mile or so and both the transfer case and the transmiss still leak about the same as when i put it in i cannot recommend thi product for anyon tri to fix leaki transmiss"
"appear to be honda civic compat but after use lubegard i have found stark differ better with lubegard luca work but it slow down shift about 2 second delay and i had to gun the engin to get that power transfer up hill or long shallow inclin lubegard transfer power to the civic veri quick i suspect that the reason is becaus lubegard is veri thin and luca is too thick and tacki mayb it will work for you in much more posit way but not for me i am surpri that other review are say that it make shift better i will assum they never compar it to lubegard so they would have known what smooth realli is like i did or perhap it realli shift better base on the particular car make and degr of tranni damag so in all fair i cannot knock those review but you can tri lubegard i stand by it if you want smoother shift doe not stop leak if you have ani conclus i delet my initi review in favor of lubegard lubegard is clear better product but not all their other product are superior though luca work soso i took off two star after i found anoth product that work better no i do not work for them or sell their product i just love to tell peopl about great discoveri"
"thi product doe not work exact how luca say it doe i use thi in detroit engin that wa not burn oil befor i use it but afterward wasi have talk with mani driver truck driver who have use thi with the same result i will never touch anoth luca product thi stuff is sham and wast of driver hard earn money if you want to do someth good for your engin use synthet engin oil"
"i want to save few buck and paint instead of buy calip cover i know paint prep is import for thi type of job and spend at least 30 min on each wheel i also follow the temperatur and cure time close i use 3 to 4 coat on each calip within the week there where multipl larg chip flake off"
"thi digit tire gaug drain batteri even if you are not use iti check my tire onc month but i alreadi have to chang batteri about onc per yearth gaug still use power to memori the preset of tire pressur come to think about it thepreset memori is useless if you have 2 differ car becaus it on can memori one front and one back tire set the 2032 lithiumx2 batteri is not cheap i expect it should last at least 5 year"
"i must have misunderstood how thi siphon work i have never been abl to get it work at all i have tri everi possibl method and no luck i understand how graviti work but appar thi devic doesnt if you get it to work more power to you"
"i had time tri to keep the connect from leak as you tighten the connector on it would torqu the hose and it would unwind and loosen the connector caus leak i end up put pressur regul on that had rotat connector it allow the hose to untorqu itself without unscrew the connector"
"found thi danger for my 29 airstream it fine for level park but dont use thi on slope grade trust me on thi one for smaller lighter camper im sure thi would be ideal"
"i bought thi jack stand to replac the assort of wood block that i use under the front tongu of our 20 camper weight about 500lb when park at the storag lot or while out camp by the second season the base had fatigu and crack in circular manner and by the third season i had to remov it from servic becaus i felt it would not safe hold the weight of the tongu i wa pretti disappoint consid how much i spent and inconveni is wa to store away ive move on to the 34flipfoot34 jack exten"
"when i bought thi product i thought great i wont need to bring heavi cinder block with me anymor well i wa wrong the top is too narrow for my jack to go on safe when i put the camper on it it seem way to unstabl"
"use it on surfac on my bmw 328ic near the trunk area i had 2 littl spot approx 1x234 on the left and right that had rust form under the rubber gasket i brush of the rust with dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and use thi on top let dri for day befor repaint and appli clear coat it doe not seem to penetr the littl rust remain as other product i use 34rostegal34 from germani mani mani year i live there and that ha been the best product so far you use it onc and just know it work with thi veri liquid product i am not so sure it did not even seem to 34stick34 veri well to vertic surfac for the next job i will look for 34thicker34 product that will cling more to the treat area"
"i realiz that there are testimoni for thi product actual do what it say it will do i have not had an occa to need it in an emerg and i hope that i never do it doe not inspir confid it feel like someth that would be includ in child toy tool set extrem lightweight direct state you must hit the window in specif locat good luck with that in an emerg i wa hope for tool with enough weight which ad to accel would break the window again i have not use it and i will not trust it in an emerg so i will be look for better product i do not recommend thi itemat ani cost"
"i had higher hope for thi but for the cost i guess i shouldnt haveunit is light about the weight of candi bar is how it feel in your hand the cutter ha horribl entri angl youd think in an emerg your tendenc while use thi would be to pull straight up but thi is angl at more of 45 degr angl so that wont work quit as well thing have habit of get caught and fold over with my testingbut the mount oh my it just horribl in everi respect there littl sheet insid that recommend use sticki back velcro to mount it but the back is hollow with just few thin line of plastic that the velcro sticki side could even stick to no way there near enough surfac contact for that to be even remot feasibl there are screw mount but not mani peopl want to drill screw through their car interior then it realli tight pull to get thi thing out of it hard what id want to have to deal with in an emerg tri to pull thi out have the whole thing come out becaus the velcro sticki back couldnt adher to the base at all then tri to pull thi out of the base while im fumbl to pull both side apart from each other while theoret in an emerg situat in which i may be in dead situat or addl becaus of an impact or airbag deploymentgo to look for better solut sinc thi one clear is not it"
"i use royal purpl synthet in my last truck for few year until they start ask arm leg and first born children for the oil i did my homework and start read report of independ lab test i found out that royal purpl rank below mobil 1 and amsoil i switch to the best oil made amsoil and never look back"
"dont buy thi unit buy camco 39062 rv dual flush pro hold tank rinser with gate valv instead thi unit will let you back flush but guess what happen when you want to disconnect the hosei guess it on good for connect hose for extend the drain"
"after the batteri is most charg thi charger goe to 164 volt and start boil the electrolyt normal when batteri is most charg the voltag should not go that high the charger did not switch to float mode either as it wa suppo toto make sure it is not batteri issu i tri to use thi charger on 3 differ batteri and saw the same result charger at 164 volt and boil electrolyt if i wa not keep close eye on the charger it would have destroy my batteri by boil out all electrolyt i thought thi thing is smart and automaticdid i also mention that one time i wa tri to use the chargers abov for result it wa make lot of loud noi becaus of constant run cool fan"
"i wa expect better charger i could not recommend it to ani onep it work ok but it ha cheap look to it"
"i plan on use thi unit to charg my auto batteri and then leav it on trickl charg howev it ha fan which constant run and will wear out just like the fan in the pc do i dont know but i also bet that if the fan bear fail and the blade wont spin the charger microprocessor will not oper for safeti reason realli poor product design to use up fan life when you want to trickl charg batteri over the winter"
"i tri to charg my car batteri and it show 12v at 40 so after four hour it show 12v at 100 i remov the cabl and after 30 minut it show 121v at 52 and after two hour it wa at 100 let it sit again and it wa 123v at 71 i test the voltag at time while charg and it never went abov 125v i do not believ that thi is reliabl charger so i return it for older model se5212a i have use midtron product so i understand the microprocessor and there quirk but noth beat the old tri and true charg that have metal case and transform do yourself favor and dont buy thi it junk ps it 312 amp not 3612 amp thi charger work if you have batteri that is weak but if your batteri is under 9 volt you have to keep unplug it and start over and over until it reach threshold to maintain it the cool fan doe not run all the time and the unit over heat and then i would have to let it cool down and start over again"
"i purcha thi to charg and maintain batteri but the unit i got doe not maintain at all and the cool fan never oper no matter what amp charg set connect to car batteri i start charg and it show batteri is at 70 which is nice and after full charg at 100 the charger goe into chargemaintain mode but that where it stop work like other have reportedcam back to the batteri after two day and the batteri isnt charg and so i unplug the charger and plug it back in and it show batteri at 52 the batteri is connect to 4 10 watt led light that come on after dark for 6 hour so i expect thi charger to start charg when the batteri is down but that is not the case like how my last batteri chargermaintain work it on seem to charg and not maintain so it be return to amazondont trust it to keep batteri maintainupd amazon replac charger and wa quick about itbut the new charger arriv doa and now on the way back to amazon for refund done with thi brand"
"i want to use thi to fill transmiss oil into the transmiss after perform filter chang and drop the transmiss pan it broke not even after put 2 quart in the pan needless to say that i wa not happi as i had to walk to the next car store to buy replac sinc i coudl not drive with on 2 quart in the tranni buy 2 or 3 to be on the safe side if one fail or use differ solut to begin with i am use funnel from now on in combin with longer plastic tube go down from over the engin"
"first the good it seem well made pump veri easili and move decent amount of fluid with each pumpth bad it say it fit quart contain but it would not screw on to my redlin quart bottl i also had gallon jug to pump out which it did not fit on either and while do so the pick up tube drop off into the jug natur the tube is an odd size and noth i could find lay around the garag would fit on there so i end up cut off the top of the jug to retriev the tube so i could finish the job the end result wa quit mess of gear oil all over the garag floor if you buy thi product make sure the bottom tube is push in place tight"
"pump work great but the deliveri leav lot to be desir i should have realiz that the cc volum it deliv per pump wa go to take forev to empti quart of fluid live and learn i will still use it but on when all el fail"
"honesti look like toy realli is toythi pump is too weak and it doesnt hold almost noth if you plan to buy check anoth bigger"
"thi didnt do what i need it to which wa to remov glue from my paint car i even heat the remnant of glue and still didnt work im disappoint"
"horribl materi i have to say that thi wa total wast of money i would not recommend thi to my worst enemi ye i would"
"i bought these for my rv trailer they are too flimsi and thin for the weight ofmi trailer and the do not fit well under the tire the lip is guess you would call it is too thing to fit snug in place there is no string to help you remov or pull them away when pack up i am buy differ set"
"what wa i think what wa i expect for 4 buck i thought i wa get solid hard plastic productmayb i didnt read close enough instead i got cheap hollow thin wall plastic that isnt fit to chock tricycl let alon 100000 lb trailer these thing will oblit the first time tire even come in contact your tongu jack and stabil are the on thing that will hold you dont even think about use them when you disconnect from your truck unless your on perfect level ground use piec of fire wood these thing will crack like an egg in cold weather and melt like putti on ani day over 60 degr isnt there some sort of safeti standard for thi sort of product dont wast your moneywasnt even worth the time to return"
"these thing slip on hard paint concret floor possibl ok on asphalt but not concret pass on them get someth el"
"had plan to drop these behind the wheel on the truck when we put the boat overbut they want to slip on the concret ramp as soon as the tire tread start to pushdoesnt seem to matter whether i plant them befor ea the tire back or hardplac them at the tire becaus as soon as enough drift happen the tire and chock move togeth"
"i wa expect solid rubberlik product it look and feel like mould plastic seem to do the job though and it veri lightweightupd chang my mind forgot they were in place and roll my trailer right over the top of them crush them flat worthless in my opinion"
"for myself these might work on becaus my car is veri small and bare weigh 1800lb these are not solid they are thinner plastic mayb 14 of an inch thick they do howev stack togeth nice to make it easier to store them i wouldnt recommend these to anyon not even gocart racerwhen i seen rhinogear i imagin thick sturdi rubber chockblock not thin plastic cup"
"i brought thi product to my mechan to see if it is advi to add to my coolant while at servic he told me never use with aluminum radiat also there is noth wrong with my coolant system so he flush the system with distil water and ad toyota red coolant to mix approxim 5050the mechan ad on royal purpl product he might use is brake fluid for it color so when you flush the brake system you can easier to tell the fluid is clear when purpl fluid start breed outi wa laugh read those review of swear up and down how good all the royal purpl product are those clown are veri like work for or own royal purpl"
"thi thing will mess up your water coolant pump for some reason due to the addit it ha it corrod aluminum part i had to replac mu thermostat and water pump on my 2012 jeep grand cherok royal purpl claim that thi addit is compat with all coolant includ mopar gmcetc i dont think so not from what i experienc i strong suggest you dont use thi product plu it did not make ani differ in cool although i had 180f thermostat if you are look for better cool go other way such as upgrad radiat or differ thermostat rather than thi cheap product which can damag your coolant system"
"put thi in envoy xuv with 17500 origin mile hope to mayb squeez littl mpg base on the other review i read here on amazon what crock did noth remot close to lower temp just lower my pocket book by 28 and chang becaus i bought 2 bottl base on purpl rep i had email tell me 1oz per quart of capac figur i would then put the rest in my wife accord temp is actual higher i email rep back and here is what he said im sorri that you have notic temperatur drop as of yet but purpl ice will not caus an increa in oper temperatur wa thi vehicl run hot to begin with if so wa the root caus investigatedno radiat addit will caus an thermostat control cool system to run consist colder than the thermostat setpoint the thermostat is there to help the engin warm up quick be restrict coolant flow until the coolant reach certain temperatur that is it function if the coolant goe below that setpoint the thermostat close and the coolant begin to increa in temperatur until the tstat open againif you were not have overh problem whi did you purcha and use product that is intend to allevi overh problem the product work as exact adverti if you would like the vehicl to run colder that the current tstat setpoint you may tri instal cooler tstat purpl ice will help you vehicl achiev thi lower temperatur after the mechan restrict to such an end are removedin my opinion fal adverti and snake oil product bewar"
"the inform on thi product state that thi item it will fit most rv not so not even close there is no way to even motifiy thi item to make it work wa total wast of money ive had rv for over 40 year and have never even seen gutter even close to what thi will fit not even worth send back due to the ship return charg be more that thi product cost would not recommend thi product to anyon to bad you have even give it one star in order to leav review"
"it look good and good qualiti howev descript wa not clear you will need to unscrew the guter and then drill and then put back i did not even tri i had one befor that wa snap on much easier thi one i will not use itsorri"
"the instal wa pretti easi and the theori seem solid howev thi just doesnt work i tri multipl time with almost zero clean i would skip thi product"
"first of all when these work they are pretti use that said i bought 2 one for black water and one for grey and i test the spray nozzl on my garden hose befor instal on one seem to spin fair regular and even that one lock up on occa the one that wa lock up from the begin did spin if you twist it with your finger to give it push but that obvious go to be imposs onc it installedi chose to instal them becaus even if they arent spin they spray water in an almost 360 degr dome of water so i specul that even if theyr lock up they will help dislodg solid and give your tank that extra rin we all need that said thi uniqu concept of product is fatal flaw and doe not work reliabl as adverti oh and like other the clear hose that come with it wa also kink bad on both of them which restrict the flow of water quit bitit an admir attempt by camco but similar to other product from them it hit or miss on the qualiti of manufactur and the effect of an adverti featur set purcha with caution or just settl for the nonspin version from either camco or other vendorsanoth word of caution predril the hole for the mount screw on your tank is not recommend even though the instruct recommend it your tank materi is usual soft plastic and the screw strip the hole easili predril doe not help plan on use lot of silicon to make sure it stay on"
"like other review i found that the nozzl spin or not as it choo i test it three differ time and it on spun one of those time obvious thi is someth you cant easili detect or fix onc the unit is installedback to amazon ill use the wanddownthetoilet until i find product that work proper"
"should you make the mistak of purcha these do yourself favor befor you cut hole in one of your hold tank hook thi thing up to hose to see just how useless it would be actual instal in the tank itself i bought two thought the first one wa just bad becaus the 34tornado34wellwasnt realli is wast of money thank amazon have fantast return polici"
"we have tri thi product sever time and found it doe not dissolv as adverti camco 2 pli rv marin toilet tissueit plug up against the gate valv so when you open it to dump the solid and the tissu cannot come throughw have had our black tank line snake twice due to thi product plug up against the drain line gate valv and ye we use the appropri chemicalsdo not use thi product in your rv tri thetford brand although on singl pli it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolv as adverti"
"found the same 4 pack at walmart for 2 less i think amazon is pad price to make up for free shippinga far as the product goe veri thin typic rv paper your finger will go through eventu have soap and sanit readi 4 sheet equal one squar of charmin"
"these are not good i bought them for fifth wheel land gear pad and they are slipperi and small my land gear almost slip off one of them i would not buy again i went back to good old precut wood block and am glad i did dont wast your money on these junki pad"
"i wa veri optimist about thi product to help avoid the stabal to sink in the grass thi past weekend i use for the first time in the grass it rain and it sank deep and when i pull the stabil up and remov the pad they were bent they do not hold their flat strutur in soft grass if you do grass camp with motorhom that will not work i am think i will still need piec of 2x6 under the pad"
"warn updat 20130904 so the wife and i have recent return from wonder 4 month trip around the usa we left home on april 26 and return on august 19th we tow 29 airstream natur dure that time we use thecamco 44622 rv wheel stop largea lot we also use the asinb0012fen0k camco 44642 rv wheel stop with padlock on the opposit side i purcha them both at the same time 7 month earlier i did use them befor post my origin review but i use them daili for near 4 month sinc thi past april both are rel easi to put on and remov and they seem secur but we did have seriou incid which scare the hll out of us and is whi ive lower my origin star from 5 to 2do not trust these devic to prevent your trailer from roll we near had seriou accid in state campground in new mexico where we were on slight back to front inclin at the time these devic were all we were use to hold our wheel our tongu jack wa rest on avalterra a100900 red trailer tongu jack stand in my opinion anoth danger product long stori short the camco wheel stop did not hold and our trailer roll back over foot tip off the valterra jack stand crash our tongu jack to the ground after chang our britch and find that fortun noth had been damag other than our ego we jack the tongu back up and place rock behind and between our wheel to chock them we immedi stop use the valterra jack stand temporarili i use some of the yellow interlock level block i purcha at camp world cover with an 8 2x6 eventu i got scrap piec of an 8x6 beam and cut it to 8x8x6 thi make nice wide squat tongu rest and it will not tip over we also purcha some good old fashion wheel chock and continu to alway back up our camco wheel stop with wheel chocksw were lucki neither of us were hurt and no damag wa done my hope is that by relat thi experi i will prevent it from happen to other happi travel"
"i tri to be care so i enter my car inform amazon fit check show that it would fit 1996 lexu ls400 i order and found out it didnt fit my car ha an arm that requir the thin side but thi wiper blade is too big to fit"
"i bought these caus the price seem goodthey chatter unless it pour out i wont get them again for sure if you want good wiper get the rainx lattitud or trico neoform they are both superior to bosch crap"
"i bought thi becaus it come up when search for cadillac eldorado 1994 but thi blade is too curv it stand an inch abov the window in the middl the whole way across"
"these are wellbuilt made in china though not like previou bosch from europ they seem to be longlast and streak free but the 26 left huge swath of my windshield unclear on my 07 accord the 18 work great though"
"i purcha two bosch evolut blade for my 2007 hyundai accent on 02072014 today 05192014 i final gave up and replac them i have never had wiper blade that perform thi poor there wa almost no contact with the windshield on either side they left haze and streak and would spatter water about requir incess rewip of the windshield to get it to clear thi the 2234 blade frequent chatter and hop when there wa on light moistur ive never had new beam style wiper blade do thati purcha these evolut blade becaus last season i had set of bosch clear advantag on the car and realli like the way they perform unfortun none of the local store had them in stock when i need new blade so i thought spend more on these supposed better evolut blade would be nobrain with less than 3000 mile and three month of use i just threw away thirti buck becaus i trust compani to make qualiti producthigh dissatisfi"
"i bought these at my local fireston becaus there wa special on wiper blade i paid 8 dollar for pairi need replac wiper blade as my oem nissan one were start to streaki clean my windshield and put these wiper blade on first raini day came after 2 month of put them on and they streak these are terribl blade my oem nissan one that were older than these bosch blade streak lessi didnt expect thi from bosch at allit wa past the 30 day return so i cant return them at all stuck with them until the next falli do not recommend"
"made in china poor qualiti item that doe not befit the robert bosch brand at allnot for winter for sureth origin of the product should be state at the product pageif i knew it were madeinchina i would not have bought it"
"i thought these would be better than the 5 anco one but they arent they are the same at best save your money and buy the cheapi"
"bosch ha alway been my wiper blade choic until now these blade just do not conform to the windshield it not on an unusu vehicl just plain old dodg dakota they miss strip in both pass result in messi windshield most of the time"
"these are suppo to fit but do not clip well the hole are too small save your cash and just get the wiper direct from bmw dealer they are not that much more expen thi wa complet wast of time and money"
"these seem to be ok cheaper than oem better than unbrand part seem to get year or two befor they disintegrateupdatedo not fit hitachi l4 f23a4 distributorw to instal and is wrong part will tri to exchang or return dont trust that amazon thi part fit yourcar thing at the top of your page i tri sever part and few were wrong"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it after remov the cap i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap that came with the cap see my other review there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr thi rotor wa pita to remov due to the lousi cap the rotor wa rust on and had to be cut off even after instal the new one i tri to remov it just out of curio and it wa veri hard to remov ive never had thi problem with oem part i wont buy thi rotor or the match cap again"
"i didnt know thi wa what wa alreadi on my car when i bought anoth to replac it when remov the exist one i found moistur had made it way into the compon insid under the cap i would take an educ guess that it wa due to an inferior ore or bad vent cap there wa some oxid on variou part and even some rust which ive never seen in ani other vehicl ive own over the past 20 yr the match rotor wa pita to remov which i will explain in the rotor review i wont buy thi or the rotor again"
"purcha as replac for 2004 ford tauru last about 7 month befor it burn out replac thi item with ngk brand oem manufactur i do not recommend thi item if you plan on keep the car"
"i got small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to t the slime clot in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over few hour and it held the next day i drove to work and when i came to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit review put anoth way there is at least 25 chanc thi product will be disast for you 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for product like thi 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be good rate for tv but for product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as car tire have 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"when i order thi i wa guarant fitment on toyota 3sfe engin when it arriv it wa not the correct size i left two star becaus i did run out and buy the correct size from anoth store howev i didnt want to have to do thi when i had all the rest of my part ship in"
"the amazon fitment guid said thi would fit my 2004 chevrolet silverado ls 58l v8 it did screw into the tank open but after about five minut of drive i got 34tighten fuel cap34 warn on my truck comput thi cap can on be tighten so tight befor it start to 34click34 it turn out that my truck ha cap that doe not have thread on it like thi model ha look close at your factori ga cap if it doesn have thread and ha geometr triangl pattern on the side of it skip thi cap i end up get an acdelco gt264 cap from amazon and it work just like the factori cap the amazon pictur for the gt264 doe not show side view of the cap but all you have to do is googl the model number and there are hundr of pictur on the internet i commend amazon for their great ship and return polici i will never take them for grant i am true lifetim amazon custom"
"thi cap wa not good for my vehicl the truck emiss light came on which mean the ga cap is not good and did not seal good"
"the websit assur me thi wa correct part for my model and year of honda well the sensor wa right but the connector wa femal rather than the need male connector the vendor need to updat hi spec the part wa almost right but complet wrong"
"veri cheap lock mechan fell out the first time i use thi cap pass on thi one cheap cheap cheap wast of money"
"i wound up spend 200 or more replac my vent valv solenoid purg valv and evap canist becaus i wa sold defect acdelco gt276 ga cap i got the dread p0400 code and learn the first thing to check is the ga cap bought the delco brand becaus of the tassl and hope that it would be the same as the oem cap well it notaft replac the ga cap and get the same code coupl week later i began to tri and troubleshoot the evap system and quick learn that it is boogeraft spend the time and money to replac the abov mention part and continu to get the se light and monitor result thru my systemcod reader i turn my focu back to the ga cap i had notic that the tension on the cap befor it began to click wasnt even as strong as the old oem cap i had replac at my wit end i decid to go ahead and purcha the stant brand ga cap and give it shot i read some good review about stant the new cap arriv and the tension and fit on it wa 10 time better than thi cap after replac with the stant cap i monitor the car system and it pass the evap check at that time i felt reliev that i found my problem but i wa also peev that i had spent 200 on other part becaus of thi defect cap so i would advi anybodi out there to buy stant instead oh and the delco is made in germani"
"while amazon normal ha veri updat and accur fitment chart the one for thi item wa off the item wa as describ and the pictur wa accur of what the item look like howev fitment show it would fit my 02 taho with the 53 l engin thi is not true for one reason flex fuel if you have flex fuel 53 engin the filter is veri differ you not on need special tool to relea the differ type of quick disconnect but you also have to get differ filter make sure you do your research prior to order from the more accur fitment chart from the actual brand websit if you dont have flex fuel on your engin thi should be the right one and it just matter of purg the fuel system and break free 2 flare nut on either side the chang on take about 10 minut make sure you know what you need befor order"
"deliv today and look forward to have thi new cap to possibl get rid of the check engin light code for ga cap wrong capthey sent the one for 2004 chevrolet suburban 1500 ls flex fuel engineso dont trust the amazon check car app to see if it match your vehiclethi ha been twice that the app ha been wronganywaythi cap is for the flex not the non flex fuel enginedif is the flex is the screw cap type the normal fuel engin is plug styleonc you open the packag you cant it back almost like burn 20ish dollar with lighternot happi camper"
"i order two of these filter the packag wa safe and nice with more than enough pad in the box howev both of the filter were defect with top of the metal can were benti return them for refundmet endcap on both side make the total filter area smaller than equiv toyota filtersmayb reason to use the bigger size"
"in the review of thi sheepskin pad i found two differ opinion one excel one not i need two pad and decid to chanc it and so order item 8000caint8 019912525297 when they arriv one wa simpli outstand the other could not have been much wor the sheepskin or whatev it wa wa thin and rag it look like my dog had been chew it the other wa thick and fluffi and fit perfectlyi also order one fabric ergo seat belt shoulder pad as backup item 8001sl9lyg 019912535920 thi pad is bit smaller but work realli well i am veri plea with it and will use it on anoth vehiclenon of the three pad had ani notic odor and all fit welli am sorri for those order to have to face thi qualiti situat the good sheepskin pad is perfect but both sheepskin pad have the same number019912525297 if you realli need pad as i did for neck injuri i recommend tri the sheepskin you might get lucki the fabric pad is extrem nice as well"
"the plastic wa broken when i receiv it doesnt appear to affect function or fit of the filter though so it is in my car today"
"i bought thi from amazon last year and went to use it again the other day the cap had rust through for some reason i keep thi in waterproof toolbox with desicc to keep the humid low but somehow it just rot away they product itself is great but it pretti hard to use now that the lid is gone"
"i thought these were great becaus they work great at first but it wasnt long until they start streak just few month i believ the streak wa veri notic and annoy"
"2 day after i instal these i notic the driver side wiper look loosecrook i went to inspect it and the littl plastic piec that lock onto the wiper had crack i figur i just had dud so i return it to amazon and they sent me new one right awaythi time the blade last about month and then the same exact thing happen the same plastic piec crack mayb it cant handl the cold weather or someth it is veri thin cheap plastici usual buy bosch brand wiper but amazon had these on sale for 2 for 20 so i gave them tri ill be stick with bosch for now on"
"too hard to instal compar with other brandsi am go to return to rainx brand in the futur even though it cost more it will save my finger from get bloodi"
"pick one of these up becaus it indic itd fit with my dodg calib but unfortun it did not i didnt want to deal with the hassl of return thi so instead i remov the blade from the wiper itself and slide them into my old oem one it work fine after do that but it wa lot more of headach than quick and easi swap i would certain have prefer"
"i am disappoint with the valeo wiper they were expen and have fail to deliv better perform than the cheaper wiper in fact they began to streak notic on two of the three vehicl that i instal them on after on one month of use dont wast your money get the cheaper wiper and refil"
"on my car windshield i lost one piec while drive in the rain i dont know whi it came off complet without warn"
"i purcha thi for my honda accord it align terribl with the contour of my windshield and miss about 4534 of the windshield when wipe i had must more posit align experi with my truck thu 2 star instead of just 1"
"veri small car on suv or truck or larg car tire do not fit well between the ridg and deform the product i fasten the mat down with 4 tapcon concret screw each 2 inch long into my garag slab the lead edg of the mat tore off the screw and fold up the adh strip behind the mat wa also useless i would have had better result with 2 x 4 piec of fir or pine and concret screw it to the garag slab you also have to aim the car perfect when you park it becaus the mat is on as wide as the tire i cant return it becaus it damag from use due to faulti design wast my money"
"didnt work gimmick dont take thi product as anyth better than ani other product claim to do the same thing"
"i origin purcha the deltran batteri tender jr 0210123 to keep the batteri on my vehicl charg as it8217 adverti of be capabl of do so on the packag thi batteri tender did not charg the batteri on my car within the 72 hour window and turn off ha builtin timer i call deltran 8774567901 and wa told by custom servic that the deltran batteri tender jr wa too small to use on cartruck batteri and that i should have purcha the deltran batteri tender plu i eventu purcha the deltran batteri tender plu 0210128 and the deltran 125 ft exten lead dbt081014812 the deltran batteri tender jr work fine on my walk behind lawn mower with electr start and should be fine for anyth with small batteri i would suggest that you purcha the deltran batteri tender plu so you can have the option of use it on more equip deltran should chang the label on the deltran batteri tender jr if it8217 not realli intend for cartruck batteri check out batterytendercom for deltrans8217 complet line"
"i had one of these and paid way to much for it i bought it to top off three 12v scooter batteri befor daisi chain them for 36v scooter got it out recent to do the same with 4 small scooter batteri and it burnt out befor i could them done im buy real sc300a chargermaintain for about what i paid for thi thing thi is miniscul 075amp compar to 30amp for the sc300a both come with the same 3 connector"
"for mani mani year i use the batteri tender jr on all my store batteri with no problem the light is either green or red no light indic either bad connect or the tender is dead in which case you chuck it and buy new one but last year my garag went up in flame the caus determin by investig from the local fire captain fire marshal and privat investig hire by my insur compani wa batteri tender jr the on thing plug in and oper in the garag it wa plug into my lawn tractorim not sure how old the tender wa that caus the fire but on thursday even the light wa green indic it wa work proper less than 36 hr later it had malfunct and appar overh enough to ignit the wall behind it anoth review comment hi becam so hot it melt the case he wa veri lucki could it happen with other brand i dont know and dont want to find out but thi is my person experi im go to tri anoth name brand tender now"
"the batteri is brand new and bare use i bought batteri tender to keep the batteri charg becaus of the lack of use the batteri tender jr top off the charg within 15 to 30 minut the first 4 time i use the tender then the fifth time the tender charg light stay red i phone deltran to discuss the first person interrupt my first sentenc to tell me it take up to 72 hour to charg i tri to tell her how i dont use the batteri and about the 4 previou charg take on minut and sudden 5 wa differ but she kept innterrupt me to lectur me that i had to let her finish talk no clue how she could provid usabl inform sinc she didnt let me explain what ha happen after she went on lectur excess about let her talk i final ask for anoth technician who wa excel i did coupl test with her on the phone and while the indic light pass the function test it stay red when connect to the batteri one thing i learn wa that after two hour the charger should have been hot and it wa on warm to the touchlat my brother test the charger and it is not give power batteri is fine amz return polici expir two month after the purcha so i email deltran to see about get it replac havent heard back yet"
"probabl good filter but didnt fit the applic amazon made it right but be sure thi fit your car befor buy"
"havent had the need for it just yetbut took it out of the packag to look ati realli dont think thi will fit my need in prevent ice snow on the winshieldnot flexibl enough to lay flat against the winshieldmight work ok as sun shade insid though"
"i have full size sedan and thi windshield cover wa too small it also tend to 34ride up34 the window and not keep the wiper cover"
"bought one from amazon wareh that came with the lower tool tray crack where the front wheel bolt on obvious custom return but still bad design easi to over tighten bolt and snap the plastic want to like thi littl seat but it so cheap and i doubt i will pass it down to my kid you have to view thi item as good deal and run with it your not buy thi item for the qualitypross nice and compact but enough to save your kneesbackpr 21 amazon warehouselook cool add charact to your shopgarageconsqu not veri gooddur plastic tool tray is veri thin no doubt will one day shatter to piec"
"the whole thing is made of plastic so if you over tighten even the tiniest bit you strip the plastic thread and you end with with hand of plastic piec that can no longer be secur to the hood of your carit veri fine balanc between loo snug and too tight with thi kit i wa screw the star nut by hand to tighten down the nozzl to the hood i could feel the nut just get bit snug when all of sudden the littl resist i wa feel went to noth and then i realiz that the plastic thread in the plastic screw had strip out of the plastic nut so the left wiper nozzl now freeli move around the hood of my car despit tri to glue it down and use electr tape to keep it one spot veri annoy sinc i bare put ani signif amount of pressur on the nut"
"ok i think thi is way overpr for the product you buy it defiant overpr and it basic just bag and it not attach to noth so ye you can place your lock kay in there but where can you place it if it not attach to noth"
"2000 bmw 323i 5 speed transmiss went rought instead of smooth as the product claimi flush it 2 month after and it wa dark black and smell like veri old transmiss oilrefil with royal purpledont like redlin"
"after read such rave review everywh i decid to chang my manual tran oil in my mazda 3 to the red line i chang it at approxim 50k mile unfortun im not happi with the result at allth main reason i decid to chang to red line it wa becaus i had read it wa suppo to do better in cold weather than the stock oil and i figur 50k wa reason time to chang it ye earlier than manual recommend the stock oil wa veri stiff to shift with when the temp got into the teen and below but shift fine for the most part when warm up or in warm weather now that ive put the red line in shift is frustrat and notchi at all time it can be difficult to get into first and second gear warm up doesnt smooth it out it is ind less stiff in the cold but at the cost of poor shift the rest of the timeit been almost 5 month now and i realli wish i didnt chang to thi oil im think ill end up switch to someth el or back to whatev wa stock thi summer so much for 34improv shiftability34 and 34help prevent hard shifting34 wish i could share in ever one el success"
"i have been use mobil 1 1 30 in my ax15 5 speed manual tran yj and it work fine but everyon said thi is the stuff to use i switch to it and now the shifter is harder to engag need to go into first to get into rever just not as good as the mobil 1 and more expen"
"had redlin mt90 transmiss fluid in my 2008 mazdaspeed3 for about 1200 mile although redlin wa recommend on some onlin forum it did not work well for me when shift from 1st to 2nd gear until the car wa warm up if the temperatur where you live is alway abov 50 degr redlin would probabl be fine in thi vehicl anyway i replac the redlin fluid with ford xtm5q fluid and that ha solv my problem all shift feel butteri smooth and the car is pleasur to drive again"
"14 quart now for atf amazon ha to keep the price at 1049 per bottl otherwi there is no point in buy it from amazon local autorac store sell it for 1049a for perform i did 3 drain and refil on my car i have not seen ani differ in shift the fluid get dark veri fast after drive few mile unlik some other atf"
"suppo to slip in well you gotta smash it in and am scare to tri it with my trailer hitch lightswanna see if i can return it"
"thi adapt work for certain function such as the brake light and turn signal it is miss the center pin ground need for the run light to work i purcha anoth manufactur unit elsewh and the system now work fine thi is cheap inadequ part"
"i replac my honda fit horn with thi disappoint all the review that said thi is not loud were correctit sound like the stock horn thi wa wast of time and money"
"sound better than the oem horn on my bike but it on work for littl over year then croak"
"el grand translat to the largest hope fiamm isnt womanown compani otherwi theyv been live their live full of disappointmentw to get the attent of other driver dont instal the horn instead keep them in your glove box and simpli throw them at the car of the driver who piss you offfiamm should have use room full of bitchi ex wive as their design target"
"i bought thi to spray color stain but tri it out with oil base enamel paint first had to thin the enamel rustoleum 3040 befor it would spray proper ye thi work with thin materi close to the visco of water good finish minim overspray easi applic next i tri latex stain even after it wa thin 5060 it would not spray well total useless for thi materi water clean up requir lot of scrub becaus the paint that get in the air passag end up be blow dri im glad i have less than 55 into mine becaus it not worth the retail price buy spray can instead no clean up and less expen"
"if u buy thi unit for your own sake on use water clean up materi becaus you will be doin lot of it unlik my oth hvlp system i use for urathan and fine finish thi unit get materi everywh and most where you dont want it"
"perform noth like what it adverti it is veri weak and easili overspray an area if you use it indoor make sure you have everi other thing cover if you dont almost everyth will be sprinkl with paint i found thi out and had to stop and do the paint job by hand so i basic have it store away forev now never to be use again i fulli disagr with the high volum low pressur that the product claim as the volum it output is actual veri low and sprink rather than good solid wall of paint like those cheap spray paint in can you are better off use paintbrush or roller faster and better control"
"kn filter are some of the best i have ever use but there is major problem with the descript it state thi filer will work on 2003 flhtcui ultra classic electra glide it doe not i bought 4 of these think they did due to the descript say it would work on my bike i went thru two filter think the first one wa defect i the bought and chang out the oil filter hous think it went bad and instal third one it still leak bad after take it for ride i final look on anoth site and saw thi would not work for my bike the kn170 work but not the kn171 the on reason im give it two star is due to the incorrect descript it end up cost me lot of money 4984 for 4 filter and 6500 for the part and lot of hour chang out unne part thi is the first time i have been let down by amazon with incorrect descript it took me to long to do all of the chang out of part to get ani refund so 11484 thrown out the window about 6 hour in labor and the frustrat of it all"
"after 200300 mile i realiz i had leak from under my sv1000 after investig it wa the ore that wa dri rot no tell how long thi thing sat on the shelf befor it wa sent to me i guess thi is problem that could have happen when buy it from local store but nonetheless frustrat"
"these filter now come from koreachina etc they are no longer usa made i have read on some forum that when the manufactur move oversea that the filtrat percentag ha also decrea for the price they are charg it doesnt seem worth it anymor i usual stick with oem filter which is what i did for my vfr ye the 17mm nut is nice but im not go to spend more and risk filtrat for ea of instal"
"youll notic that all the five star review go back coupl of year when thi bag wa obvious made of nyloncanva and wa qualiti product sinc then the manufactur ha chang it into cheap piec of plastic materi that look for all the world like larg and admitted reinforc hefti bag it plastic insid and out with some type of reinforc fiber woven through it feel like it about 67mil thick the accompani warn about ad down piec to your tailpip should be well heed becaus even with the exhaust 78 inch away it will melt thi productspeak of melt i have seriou doubt about the durabl of thi product in extrem cold it will either becom too stiff to work with or crack neither desir outcom about the on good thing i can say is that it is obvious waterproof with good zipper system built into it unfortun i had to keep it becaus i actual took it out of the box think that mayb the insid wa canva and they had move the plastic coat to the outsid for better weather protect well onc it out of the box and open i defi ani normal human to roll it back up to the size to fit back in the boxoh and the pictur of the box it came in is not repr of what is insid the box so amazon is simpli use the adverti literatur provid by the manufactur although they should still remov it from their inventori or sell it for the 25 it obvious worth find yourself higher qualiti product that will last for more than few trip and if it cost littl more in the end it will be worth it unfortun for me thi is one of the veri few product that is the correct size for my rear hitch carrierl editwhil the product remain question amazon came through in their typic custom orient fashion and made it good with me they also promi to look into the issu with the item and delet it from their inventori if appropri"
"some month ago there wa review here where tacoma 27l owner talk about purol filter be too restrict caus excess valv noi and possibl contribut to the ear demi of hi engin i dont know where that review went but have use wix or purol filter exclus on my 2008 tacoma i have notic occa where it wa except valvey sound though i did not equat it with particular oil filter be on it on my last oil chang i replac the purol that wa on there with toyota filter and use the same weight mobil 1 oil that i alway use and the valv noi went away i realiz now that our old corolla went through period where i thought the valv noi wa excess too and it wa probabl when i had purol on it i hate to say thi about purol becaus i have alway consid them to be fantast filter but mayb they dont play well with toyota i am go to stick with toyota filter from now onedit i final found the other review i had seen and it wa post to the purol pl14476 which is the corolla filter instead of thi one as i had thought now there are 2 review there talk about the same issu"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failmayb anyth but fram would be the best advic"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram failfram is anoth way of call someth failur"
"filter is one of the best price is one of the worst in the marketwhen you can get one of these for 538 at kmart whi would you even want to buy it from amazoni do not"
"pure one oil filter are grossli over hype im not say their bad filter but there is much better for the same price i prefer mann or mahl oil filter both made in europ the canist is 100 heavier than pure one and i like that their not avail everywh like an automot mcdonald big mac and are intend as an oem part dont purcha fram oil filter they fail often and are veri poor manufactur wix is also good product fram fail"
"purcha juli 2013 use for 7500 mile and care cut open with longacr tool the media had tear at the attach of pleat to the end capi have pic but curious neither the page nor the review allow pictur to be upload take look over on bitog forum for pictur sinc most filter are thrown away uncut most peopl will never know about thi problem i guess i could make video but im done with purol for few decad whi wast my time"
"im not sure what i wa expect when i order these licen plate shield i order two nouveau frame to go along with them but pair togeth they didnt live up to my expect my licen plate stuck out slight around the edg and i just wasnt dig the look i gave these to friend who seem more than happi with them to each hi own these just arent for me"
"warn result may vari especi if you dont fix the crack immediatelyboth of my car got windshield crack one had long crack from the right side to the middel of the glassth other is more recent and had crack no more than 1 in diametersinc the crack ive had to wash the car use the windshield fluid drive for about 2 month befor i bought thi kit and attempt the repairth result is not good it is just about as visibl as it wa befor the repair done it step by step to the instruct given but i think the pressur to inject the epoxi into the crack is not enough pressur so it doesnt realli get into the gapsi then use the remain liquid epoxi to repair the other long crack and to no surpri it did littl improv to the long cracki am not say it not good product it even patent with patent number print on the blister packbut buyer be warn and repair ani crack asap without wash the car or drive under dusti conditionsi even clean the crack area with cleaner spray for my mac comput it as good as you can get but still not good enough becaus dirt ha alreadi gotten into the gap i thinkgood luck on your repair and rememb time is of the essenc"
"i bought these main becaus they were cheap and sometim passeng have difficulti climb into my tj howev onc instal they look total ridicul on the roll bar they are huge look veri out of place qualiti of the product seem decent it just the appear of it on the vehicl i dont like"
"i wa veri disappoint with thi product i purcha thi product base on the great review here it say on the label it is industri and machineri cleaner i am rebuild mobil scooter so i want to clean the grea out of the transmiss after drain the oil out of the transmiss and dissembl it i soak the case all night tri differ mixtur and it did absolut noth dawn dish wash liquid did better job then thi product the residu just smear but thi chemic didnt dissolv ani of the grea or stain i wont purcha again that is for sure"
"i bought pair one year ago base on the good review it is cheapli made and doe not stay in place the strap are poor qualiti they do not fit easili and the tension ha alreadi tore one of the strap up complet render it useless so i am left with one on the pictur is mislead and there is no way it will look like that most probabl it will be someth that repeated pile up at your back and at everi red light you will battl to reloc it the on posit thing about it is that it is comfort if you manag to keep it at place i have alreadi start look for altern dont buy"
"product look good pad bit thin elast strap secur the vertic back of cushion stretch easili but lose it elast veri quick therefor allow the back to move far too much the seat of the cushion ha four veri thin holddown strap that depend on tini plastic hook to secur it in place seat cushion constant come loo these hook are so small they bare are abl to grip the car seat baseplast surround with more robust secur system thi would be an adequ product in it present form keep lookingth 5 star review snooker me into thi purcha im glad the product work for these review but it fail miser when use on bmw seat"
"rubber is way to soft they all 4 tore within three day need to be made of neoprem or someth stronger wont buy again"
"my screen door is metal insert and thi closur kit will not work to close it without major modif cannot recommend the manufactur could be clearer as to where and how thi work becaus i see lot of rv where i live where thi type of devic is useless and peopl wast money buy it"
"kit did not work the way i thought it would had hard time keep the spring attach either to the door or rv bodi spring is so strong that it kept pull the screw out of the door or rv bodi would not use thi item i end up not use is at allwould not recommend thi kit"
"although i consid myself reason handi i could never find way to instal thi screen door closur kit on my winnebagoitasca motorhom none of the exampl cite in the instruct would appli to my screen door fortun i had less than six buck invest so it wa no great loss to throw the kit away"
"2 of these were purcha and one arriv damag howev they were so flimsi that i decid these were not the solut to place some sort of grill on the rv screen door whoever make these should be asham becaus it is rip off and amazon should not sell them"
"thi level indic work great on cool day 6580 degr outsid i use it on the afram of my 34 foot trailer on hot day the water insid the level expand to such degr that the bubbl is no longer present when i first experienc thi i thought all the liquid had leak out the next morn when it wa cool outsid the bubbl had miracul reappear as result i cannot depend on thi level to keep my trailer level it might work if i had not perman instal it on the afram kept it cool until i need to use it but be expo to the hot utah temperatur make thi level undepend"
"would not stay in place ever one who use it push it the wrong way had to be reset each time it wa use better off with out it"
"if your think about get thi devic take look at the camco screen door cross bar insteadthi is pain in the s to instal and wear quit easili"
"i found out by accid that on my rv you can simpli push down on the round handl that is on the slider and that will open the door so at least for my rv 2012 keyston springdal tt thi devic is not need you might want to tri it on your too thi wa not in ani manual that came with my rv but it is clear design to work thi way the slider is spring load in the vertic dimen"
"okthi seem like good idea howev the instruct call for 916 drill bit good luck find that i have sever bit set and none of them had thi size home depot said the could special order it obvious it would have made much more sen to have an instal that use readili avail tool one could spend more on the instal materi aka unusu size drill bit than on the actual product"
"these look descent when put up in my travel trailer but where on the floor the next day then on the floor the day after the doubl side tape suck on these and need more heavi duti industri type hold doubl side tapewhen put up you can see the white doubl side tape form the side and it look bit uglynot impress at all and bought differ organ from camp world that look way better and hold perfect and are flushwa past my 30 day return so i sold these on ebay for few buck lost 90 of my origin purcha pricei would never buy these againbut all depend on the surfac and for the price i guess they would okay for some if they would holdnot for me and my trailer though"
"purcha 3 good idea and work for about 23 week then i open up my rv one day to find them on the ground doubl side tape is major flaw i on had 2 dvd in one and other 2 empti so should of held up i did everyth like clean the wall prior to instal but still cant expect thin piec of tape to hold it for to long anoth thing is you can see the white foam tape on the side after attach which look poor i didnt give up thoughi mount them with small brass l bracket and screw now and no more issu"
"thi would be great idea if it actual wasnt too tall to fit insid our camper cabinet i measur thi befor order and thought it would fit but you realli cant judg how your knive will fit in it from the descript most of our knive were too thick at the handl or too wide at the blade to sit down insid it fulli therefor they would stick up too high and would prevent the cabinet door from close it wa wast and i didnt use iti recommend instead buy full knife set with holder and over product dimen and do some thought measur"
"we start with thi one but were loath to drill into the door to secur it we tri doubl side tape but the plastic wa warp and curv and would not stay thi product is cheap in everi sen it doe not hold that mani bag and is bit of pain to use sinc it doe not hold that much and you realli have to push and pull to get the bag in and out we replac it with metal version that hang over the top of the door and is work much better"
"doesnt hang veri secur to under sink door even when i gentli put bag in or out i have to hold it with my other hand worri it will come apart"
"would i buy thi again no here whi i miss it but no where do they say these are sheep skin i may be wrong but suspect thi one i got is domest goat skin smaller one i bought i have no doubt is pig skin sinc they are made in china thi ha made me realli compar and check them close sinc most chine product are inferior qualiti first the packag ha 4 larg stapl that go through the skin everi layer and if you dont open these care you will tear it sinc they doubl back on themselv some review report hole develop when use and i can believ that second no where doe thi compani say it is lamb or sheep skin which lead me to believ it probabl is pig or domest goat skin or hor hide is it go to scratch my new car paint or hold up long good question i also bought the 2 foot one and have no doubt it not sheep or lamb skin ill review it later and probabl will never use it on my car paint sinc i fear it will scratch the new clear coat paint the 5 foot one is thin enough and buf fair well so it soft but i have the acm brand made in turkey also same size and those have instruct to wash with mild soap to remov excess cod oil befor use that normal and when you do you will see the excess oil i use mild bar hand soap these detail choic one dont tell you that and if you compar them you can see differ in the amount of oil use when look at them unwash as an asid the chine made chamoi have had import restrict place on them in europ due to the inferior qualiti decept adverti etc but not those from turkey both of the detail choic leather skin are cut nice and rectangular which show they come from larg skin now i dont often write neg review but check what im say by research on the net if i had done that first i would never have bought these ye i could return them but after deduct the return fee and ship it isnt worth it i think of thi mistak as lesson learn and would not recommend these nor buy them again other neg review are probabl right on the markaddendum after write thi review while show these to my wife i laid them on dark bedspread mistak sinc they left ton of hide lint behind on it had to vacuum so i wash them with hand soap and water in sink and couldnt believ the amount of hide lint in the water wash them twice then rin them three time and wa still get larg amount of hide lint come off my wife saw that and saidno way are you use those on my car haaa so my next step is to hang them out side after dri and use water hose to tri and stop the lint problem im 69 year old and have use both synthet and natur chamoi for year and have never seen anyth to match thi with that much lint come off no way to wax after use anoth neg review rate them as po and believ he ha that right never would buy again nor recommend to anyon hope thi help someon not to make mistak"
"thi chamoi is veri thin and will not last long i purcha same item two month ago and is fall apart after purcha again realiz thi chamoi is too thin and will not hold up with repeat usag"
"purcha thi for my garag but wa disappoint the titl say thi is smart charger but it is actual just big linear charger wor thi charger never shut off so you cannot leav it connect for long period of time so i took one star off for bad descript and one star for charger not be turn off the build qualiti is rather cheap so i took anoth star off for that over not for me i will be send thi unit back"
"at least my car wa in the driveway when it decid not to start so it wasnt too bad i am now search on amazon for one with higher than 400 powerit would not start my six cylind engin on my crossfir i think it will be ok in the other vehicl that have four cylind no way thi would ever start v8 it wa fulli charg just not enough oomph the kk model look interest but i am not excit about have to tend them while they are charg to prevent damag unit doe work well for power less tax thing though and the pump work well just wont start your car if you have six cylind or upin the end just use them for mobil compressor to air up tire until they all diedhop thi help"
"amazon realli need to check some of their cross refer chart thi doe not it 2011 kia lx sorento"
"so happi to receiv it sooner than i thought got veri disappoint with all miss stuff in the box manual etc"
"tri unit out when i first bought it everyth seem ok did not use for month and then when i tri it again background light no longer work on use it onc prior to light burn out too late to return unit with incur ship cost"
"i give it 2 star becaus of the following1 it stick out by about 4 inch from the dash so it veri ackward to leav it in the dash2 it will stay on even when the car is complet turn off3 i call the manufactur and ask them the current draw they search and could not tell meso base on the abov point i have to give it 2 star i dont feel comfort leav it plug in all the time as it might drain my batteri but if you want to use it as tester from time to time it will work veri well"
"first of all the unit show you voltag with total of 4 digitssecond onc the car is start you get circlu arrow in the left top corner of the display indic that charg is occur howev thi is static icon it doe not rotat as at least i would have excepti also get bar on the right side of the display show the batteri charg level and 3light indic at the bottom and in case you should forget i guess they even ad littl batteri icon in the displayhowev i serious question the accuraci of these unit thi is the second onewhen plug in my van ha multipl outlet i check on 4 of them the unit show 114 volt and red light wow never had an issu with my batteri nor charg system start the car which it did fine unit show 148 volt reallyi went to the shop and had everyth check my highoutput altern 120 amp wa work abov manufactur spec my 1000 cold crank amp batteri is in excel conditioni exchang the unit the replac show the same odd number now the manual you can download from equu wich doe not come with the unit state issu like that there could be dirti batteri termin etc etc i had the shop check the voltag on my cigarett lighter which regular voltmet and it show complet differ numbersw even hook up the car charger which went into float charg mean batteri is full within 2 minutesth on reason to have thi monitor would be to well monitor your batteri for thi you need accur read and i can not see these on thi unit"
"innova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesi purcha thi product last month and i dont know whi it read your onboard comput alright but if you want detail report of problem you might be have with your check engin light on they charg you fee for complet detail reportautozoneadvanceauto and carquest will test your vehicl free of charg and will provid you with detail report for freeth fleec of america continu by onlin companiesamazon shame of you"
"im surpri so mani peopl give thi high mark to me it seem like noth but come on to get you to buy 20month websit servic with which to interpret the read"
"batteri test light quit work after after two or three time use itdont wast your"
"i am not impress with thi multimet the control are not intuit to anyon who is use to use multimet the batteri check function is just gimmick i am not comfort with meter that alway show read even when not connect to anyth"
"ok ye i know thi should keep everyth in place and tight but doesnt look veri tight and it ha lot of play in it not my time"
"my petit wife stand at 53 in her 50 cut through the top portion the harden steel portion of the lock in 75 minut with hand saw blade imagin what power tool would have done through thi locki cant recommend it"
"i just got two of these for my avalanch they are veri load and easi to hook up and mount i had to come back and edit my review becaus one ha blown out and the other one sound funni wo both work i just order new horn and tri to mount in differ spot i wa unawar you can not mount these in oem positionev they are not water proof soo i will be replac with differ horn"
"i bought thi to do some reviv on some plastic i actual wrote small articl in diy forum for ram truck it look good at first but 3 month later all the black ha come offthi doesnt seem to trueli be dye more of paint on color i clean and prep everyth well and dont believ that to be the issu"
"i follow the instruct to the t on my 10 wrangler i let it dri 34 hour between three coat the first time it rain the finish spot up and look terribl veri disappoint"
"i bought thi for the wrong jeep so i return it anyway but it seem veri flimsi to me screwdriv could easili get thi mechan open"
"i use thi is 2008 freightlin with detroit engin the engin wa in good shape but i just had to tri it it did noth snake oil i tell ya pure snake oil"
"i am disappoint on how well you can see through it i bought it think it wa mirror to be use as sunblock thi one is too seethrough for my tast i had an agv helmet with mirror faceshield that wa realli like mirrorupd after 1 month the silverpl spot up and rub off after rainstorm i have never use anyth but water to clean it veri diappoint"
"to start off i bought thi product from amazon and then replac it with anoth unit then replac anoth with anoth of anoth uniti wa excit about all the featur on thi product as they fit my need and at veri reason price i need unit to take on campinglong distanc trip to keep in car for emerg to pump bike and air bed and of cour to have as spare power for laptop and charg other small devic like cell phone and smart phone such nice thought to go to park and bring my laptop with thi unit and work on picnic tabl under tree for entir afternoon so it perfect but wa initi hesit after read mani review have to replac return their defect unit due to batteri and thi isnt just wagan but duracel and other unit with builtin power storagefirst one came the unit wa not flat on the bottom so it wobbl charg around the 34 hour max i wa most eager to see how long it can keep my laptop run to much my disappoint my laptop ran for 25 minut befor the first coupl of beep and then 35 minut befor beep low voltag becom continu and therefor unbear grant it couldv been my powerhungri thinkpad w510 the one that use 135w transform howev i had anoth invert that basic indic constant use of 65 watt from the laptop so 30 or so minut is total unaccept the unit wa still abl to run the compressor and can run my car vacuum cleaner with dc adapt for anoth 2030 minut continu after invert stop provid ac power to my laptopi pretti much decid the unit i got ha weak batteri base just on the frequenc of the review so i request exchang with amazon amazon sent out second one and i return the first without extra charg thi second unit also isnt flat on the bottom and wobbl on hard and flat surfac after equal amount of charg time as befor 34 hour i test thi replac unit with my laptop again thi time i got 90 minut of power befor it start to beep that wa accept few day later i use the compressor to pump up my bike guess what the compressor gaug wasnt work it show zero while my tire wa rock hard i wa debat whether to keep it sinc i wa afraid that the next replac will have weakbad batteri again at the end i just dont think it wa safe to pump while blind guess at the pressur or keep swap with pressur testerc amazon again the custom rep understood the risk with gaug not work so she ship me yet anoth one thi time the batteri is just as good as the second unit around 90 minut of power to my laptop and compressor gaug work like it should all good but then i notic thi unit also wobbl what with the engin or with the assembl or case warp thi third unit wobbl less than the first two so at thi point i just thank godi then test the usb charger it work but it requir turn on of the invert switch which therefor kick up the intern fan that bit ridicul to run the fan while charg usb devic i bet the fan take more power than the phone i wa charg and then the power loss with the inverterth flash light work and it not over bright but accept depend what your situat mayb in the dark i havent test the jumper cabl yet and didnt need to cross my finger that will work as it should at thi point im begin to think the odd are pretti eventh funni thing is all 3 unit have littl gold oval sticker say qc pass i wonder who they hire to do the qualiti control or what wa done befor put on the sticker on second thought i dont want to knowth bottom line for me is if it work it veri use and great allinon unit with balanc of featur i want 5 star for amazon handl 4 star for my third and work unit 5 star for wagan outsourc qc depart 3 star over becaus i have the patienc and sen of humor to laugh at thi whole processupd i final got chanc to use the car jumper twice both on v6 engin with posit on batteri termin and neg on chasi it took 2 3 crank the car start but the engin reluct start which lead me to believ thi batteri is not the strongestupd 2 final got situat where minivan had batteri with low crank aaa report 136 crank amp out of 600 for the batteri thi wagan at 13v could not start the car the aaa tow guy with hi smallerthanthiswagan jump starter start with one crank he said it need to be at 15v to have shot thi mean i must keep thi jumpstart batteri real full and readi to go all the time howev becaus thi product doe not automat stop charg when full then it becom jumpstart that is on use when the car batteri is not in weak state i still need to keep my aaa membership"
"i own previou version of thi jump starter my wa made by ust and not wagan the exterior is ident to my unit so i assum it is made by the same manufactur i normal recharg it everi two month even if i have not use it to maintain full charg for when i need to jump start car i forgot to charg it for about 5 month and the unit is complet dead i have tri to charg it but when you press the batteri statu button you can see the voltag just keep drop i have tri to recharg it sever time and i think the batteri is complet dead the charger adapt is also dead i measur the output voltag and it measur littl over 3 volt i take special care of my adapt so i do not damag the wire thi unit wa on use sever time to add air to sever tire it ha not been use to jump start over veri bad qualityi also have vector unit which is now black and decker and it also wa not charg for 5 month thi unit still had two red light which indic it wa in good condit i recharg it for sever hour and it came back with full power i also own jump and carri jnc660 jump starter thi is profess unit with 1700 peak amp it can hold charg for month and still show plenti of power thi unit is the best but expen 130 thi unit can jump start big engin and complet dead batterieson other gener comment for those peopl out there assess which jump starter to buy these lower cost lower peak amp starter are on good for car that ha weak batteri ie as engin is slow to crank over if your batteri is dead where the engin cannot even slowli crank over these starter will not have enough power to start your car so do not blame the jump starter as low qualiti i see such comment in other review for complet dead batteri you need more power jump starter such as jnc660 i have the same problem with my vector starter which ha on 300 peak amp it also would not start complet dead batteri that wa the reason i bought the jnc660 and carri it in which ever car we own that ha the oldest batteri i need to buy anoth jump starter i keep one in each car and am think of buy jnc300xl which claim to have 900 peak amp and is about half the price of jnc660 the review seem veri good and is made by the same compani"
"custom servic is extrem slow my product start fail to take charg we contact the compani in june it took them 6 day to get back to me plu i had to chase them down by voic after email their cs dept fail to get ani respon per the websit then they promi to email the rma instruct which took sever day but they sent the wrong one sent retail instruct when i respond that the instruct made no sen they final sent the correct instruct while wait for their email my husband test the adaptor w multi meter to find out it wa just the adaptor that wa fail and sinc they expect us to pay to ship the whole unit back we didnt want to pay to send back the whole thing i request if i could just send the adaptor btw their email are also full of spell error and they could not get my name right it took three email to explain to cs what an adaptor wa then 7 more for them to promi to send one that wa juli 7 2 day ago i still had not receiv the adaptor so email onc again ask where it wa wa told sorri it be mail today thi product is use the most dure the summer for us we use it camp and at the drivein picnic etc etc and we have had no abil to use it caus we cant charg it for all summer then after they promi to ship the part month ago i find out today not on wa it not ship at all it wa sent snail mail today from california across countri to va after i ask them and remind them so the likelihood of us get thi time for our next use requir thi weekend is high unlikelyfin it sold as have compressor capabl of inflat truck tire it doe not it doe not creat enough pressur to inflat our 17 truck or rv tire we had to buy anoth dedic compressor for thema compani is on as good as it custom servic and they have fail at everi point for their not to mention simpl power adaptor should last more than 6 month the item is useless if you cant charg it i cannot recommend thi product"
"outa of box pleanti of power to fill my dirt bike low tire and also jump start on cold day my honda 450x batteri i had batteri pigtail on bike all readi for batteri tender charger the fesatur of cross polar plu good packag and beat the harbor fright model and ad bonu of invert cvharger for camp the down side the radio is veri veri cheesi dial is off on set the sound sound like radio from 1964 havent use the jump start yet i will today"
"the cover rip after just 6 month in the back section right where my licen plate is despit the hole it still hold up and fit my sv perfect i have the blue cover and it definit doe not look like the pictur anymor with the inten sun we had thi summer it fade pretti quick not sure if i want to buy anoth one at thi point or keep shop around for more durabl one"
"i need cover for my bike that i park outsid thi cover is made to cover your bike insid to keep the dust off veri thin dont think it would make it full year outsid so i got heavi duti one i use thi one for dust cover on my tool box"
"i previous had the nelsonrigg and it wa lot better qualiti perhap it wa the falcon an not the delux in ani case thi seem like cheap plastic to me and the fit wa bit tighti had purcha the xl for boulevard c50 with windshield the smaller one and saddlebag and it wa realli tight fiti return it thank amazon and purcha the falcon 2000 in the xxl hope that work better"
"first time bike left in rain thi cover leak bike wa soak wet do not purcha thi cover i just purcha the heavi duti one at twice the price will see how that one doe"
"did not work for me i need rest that will adjust back toward me kept them on few week but took them off unless you have realli long leg they wont work"
"lazi as husband wouldnt put it on kawasaki bike have crui control on harley davidson full dream dresser so i dont know what to do with it"
"not happi with thi compani veri poor qualiti 3rd charger from amazon and thi one wa replac after the first two stop work after on one week first charger wa get veri hot and fan stop work few day after it arriv and on use 34 time so i ask for replac from amazon and upgrad from the 2612 amp model to the 3615 amp ship to shore think it might be better sinc it wa 12 more but i wa wrong the first ship to shore fan start make lot of noi and then would stay on even when batteri wa done charg then it just stop work when connect to half dead batteri it would read fulli charg at 100 but wasnt charg at all and use my 20 year old charger back up to finish the job now on my second ship to shore and that make three schumach charger in one month thi one right out of the box the cool fan is not work at all from my previou experi these charger microprocessor need to be cool or it will overheat ruin the charger stay away from thi compani microprocessor control chargersthey are junknot that the price jump around on amazon i purcha thi charger for 52 and now coupl of week later it over 60 dont wast your hard earn money"
"so after read the great review here i bought thi item at walmart and took it home to charg my deep cycl marin batterieswork fine for about an hour then i notic that it seem to be stall at 85 charg i did some more internet read and discov that thi is common problem with thi unit the readout stall at given percentag and never chang unless you unhook it and rehook it to the batteri i did that and instant the readout chang to 100so now i know for fact i can never trust my brand new charger to tell me when it done chargingand wor despit be 100 charg the unit never switch over to trickl charg so despit be bill as smart charger it just normal full power charger that will boil your batteri dri if you leav it hook up too long whi spend 45 on someth that 10 charger will donot on is it junk the packag is complet lie as well now i know and you can bet your sweet cajon ill never buy schumach anyth again"
"veri stringi and get everywh it also stain everyth it touch and did not seal as well as i had hope still have oil leak"
"while the product appli to the purpo it serv the packag is veri mislead dont judg it by the capac of it bottl size becaus the content is on half the dimen of the bottl it leav the person scratch hisher head wonder if the volum within is halfempti or half it goe by weight but then whi use such larg bottl besid it is unseal give the impress that you get good deal base on the volum i know the review should on be for the product but the packag is veri mislead"
"edit if you take someth away from my post it is that automak design car to run on specif spark plug buy whatev work great for you car and avoid spark plug that dont run well these didnt work in my car but everyon is differ check forum to see what work best as welli drive 1998 honda civic ex with vtec engin i am current run ngk vpower spark plug and the origin factori spark plug wire i bought these spark plug to see fuel economi gain and mayb power increa while merg onto the freewaythey work but i couldnt tell they were new mpg for my car went down to 36 usual 3840 and so the price didnt match the product well what i can tell you is that use the right spark plug for your car is key and tri to eeek out extra mpg from spark plug doesnt work so well i tri autolit ngk etc iridium plug and the tradit copper core work the best i get 4550 mpg highway on standard spark plugsso save your money i think i spent 1624 for the set it been while sinc i return them and buy 34 set of copper core ngk vpower plug or whatev fit your carth other thing to note is that replac severley worn spark plug with these will net fuel economi gain but put ani new plug in will do that dont be fool by these fanci plug shop for your car and check what your car is recommend to use becaus that is usual the best option your car comput is program for the origin plug not differ onesit your money but read the review to see if it help your specif car it didnt do anyth for mineon plu is that amazon is amaz with return"
"what load of crap i just instal it in my 2000 civic and i did not see ani real notic benefitaft all the hype about increa mileag increa fuel economi quicker start etc etc i have yetto clear perceiv ani real benefit from use it i paid arm and leg for it and cannot realiz itsbenefit for civic owner you can continu use the regular ngk plug just chang them everi 8 monthsand you are good to go i will not wast ani more money on snakeoil plug like thi i will revert to usingth regular plug after i have exhaust use the iridium sinc i alreadi bought them might as well use them"
"thi did not do much for perfomanceth origin plug work much better i use thi plug now as back up"
"i bought thi pump becaus the seller describ it as siphon pump and i want to drain the ga out of my boat ga tankwhat i gotwa ga pump that doe not siphon gasi guess it might work for fill lawn mower from ga canit is cheap and worth about five dollar"
"the bracket thi come with is way bigger than it need to be i could not fit it in desir locat confort the one i got wa also miss one of the mount bolt all the other part were bag up and heat seal except one of the baggi had 4 washer 4 nut but on 3 bolt it must have been an error in manufact packag becaus eveyth wa seal up tight when it arriv i decid to go with the hella switch and make my own bracket from angl iron"
"good qualiti but did not work in 3 inch of snow these were fair easi to put on but i wa hesit that they would slip off and they did"
"bought few year ago last 2 year with perhap 1 use everi 2 monthssav your money and shop around via internet on more reliabl compressor eg camphau or other"
"i have drop my rate to one star after use thi for awhil i repeat bad design you cant even turn it off and one with one hand becaus the cigarett lighter adapt cord block the switch it pump fine it just is pain in the tail to useblack decker asi300 air station inflat electr air compressorpr 4499thi littl inflat doe the job it quick pump up my wheelbarrow tire the design could use work though even though i purcha it due to it abil to be run from ac or dc im not happi with their implement it work fine but the cigarett lighter adapt get in the way of the ac power cord the ac power cord is so short that it necessit use an exten cord to be abl to get close to anyth you hope to inflat last it should have mold handl on the top they could have just extrud littl more plastic and given you handi handleth are two snap on attach in nook on the bottom of the unit that wa smart design they are handi but not in the way i guess it look like someth design by committ some good idea and some not so good i dont like the plastic inflat valv that should be metala far as perform it work fine i had full blown compressor that i return due to an immedi when assembl crimp in the air hose that prevent it from work correct that had metal inflat valv but the immedi fail of the hose negat the good think on the valvethi black and decker inflat work well i am just surpri that compani like bd would not provid better design the price is reason 45 at amazon but still for 45 i think includ handl longer ac cord and metal valv would not inflat the price dramatically11813 retrospectdesign realli is cumbersom the onoff switch is occlud by the dc power cord you cant turn it off and on easili without look due to that power cord block the switch the gaug is next to useless it hang up on the set needl and thu turn off immedi until you can free it from the set needl kind of pointless to have an automat off when it is stuck on the set needl over the pump part work fine but the cord storag cord attach and switch placement as well as the poor gaug make thi far less satisfactori than i origin felt"
"i wa look for small air compressor to fill basketb bike tire car tire etc thi compressor work fine but it ha to be one of the worst design product ive purcha in recent memori the power cord is about 12 long as is the air tube who thought that wa good idea meanwhil there about 50 long cabl for the 12v adapt thi actual make more sen but sinc im not use the 12v it just get in the way of cour you can store the 12v cabl in nice littl storag space in the unitexcept that where they decid the put the power switch are you kid me the power switch is locat deep insid some hole in the back of the unit are the design insan im stuck with thi thing but you might want to look elsewh"
"it doe work but is poor design use the ac power the dc cord ha to be remov from it storag to get to the on switch veri inconveni the ac cord and the air hose should both be about 6 feet longer who want to get out an exten cord everi time they want to plug it in the coupler on the air hose is veri flimsi cheap and cant last long the previou model air station wa so superior to the new one and it wa made in the usa it wa ac power on but had long cord and hose and wrap around storag for them the switch wa easi to get to that thing wa use almost daili like ani other home applianc new one need redesign again to be much more user friend and made with better qualiti materi such as metal coupler and reinforc air hose sorri i just think compani like black decker could have done world better thanksprosac or dc poweredconsac cord is way too shortair hose is way too short"
"i now own 3 differ trailer coupler lock that are 34universal34 they are not i have jayco jayfeath 2013 and the hitch is such wide and high that no lock fit it as is the norm thi unit come in the typic 34user unfriendly34 packag that is destroy upon open id be glad to sell mine to anyon interest in tri it out"
"it would serv it purpo if the onoff knob wa lever or the neck wa longer i cant put it far enough into the filler tube to do ani good thi may an isol case but it didnt work for me"
"too hard to empti into small mouth contain like ga can i store old oil in an old plastic 5 gallon ga can and empti when full thi pan is bear when direct tri to fill the can i have to use funnel which is just anoth item i need to clean"
"ive been look to purcha new jump pack for use in the shop and narrow my select down to either the clore jnc660 or the shumack proseri dsr psj2212the review were about equal on both so i decid to get the jnc660well i just receiv the jnc660 today and it is defect right out of the boxi plug it in to charg and the amber led that is suppo to be lit doe not indic it is charg the green led doe not show it is fulli charg eitheri verifi my power cord ha power from the outlet even switch to anoth corddisappoint i guess compani no longer have qc on their productsupd feb 04 2014after realiz that amazon will not accept return on thi item i contact clore automot tech support and explain that i had receiv defect jump pack i review with them the variou item i had check to confirm that it wa ind defectiveaft they confirm that i had purcha it via amazon they ship new jnc660 to me along with prepaid up label to return to them the defect unit i had the replac unit in 5 day after contact them the replac unit work greatclor automot get 5 star from me for make thi disappoint defect unit right"
"thi is veri versatil system it can save ton of work it is durabl and solid made it work as adverti but after few use the unit start spray use motor oil out of the top of the thandl what mess use black oil everyplac i call mityvac and ask if there wa some sort of replac seal kit they prompt replac the entir unit at their expen great custom servic i wa truli impress soon thereaft the new unit start leak just like the previou one use oil everyplac i wa given no warn about synthet oil when i call mityvac if thi thing is incompat with synthet oil and fluid such as transmiss then i cant see what valu it hasi own sever vehicl and need product which doesnt fail after 5 use i did not contact mityvac second time as my warranti expir rather have decid that the product may have design flaw or unknown limit i now wrap wet rag around the thandl to get margin temporari seal to start the flow and can still use the product thi way albeit somewhat ineffect and messili"
"thi thing ha 2 readout and 4 scale and no instruct on how to read ani of htem the swr is easi enough to figur out but the other are anyon guess came with some littl wire antenna that is nowher in the one sheet instruct that come with it the signal strength meter dosnt seem to regist at all it wa cheap enough and probelli work but your have to find an engin to tell you how to use it"
"bad design the two door that cover the hose and charger cord are not hing or tether can easili be misplac batteri ha been overh dure charg and ha melt the bottom of the unit led indic show low batteri chargei do not trust it i will keep it as long as the pump work"
"i purcha two of these for my 1997 ford f1 50 both did not work the compani sent me replac one it also did not work when i ask again to return thi product they state to me that i could not as too much time had pass i feel that they sent me useless item to set me up while wait for time to run out in the end i have three remot that do not work and am out the money i wish i would have not purcha thi"
"i use it for my dual back tire in ford 350 chassi it would not regist the tire pressur accur it wa hard to get tight seal around the valv stem i will tri the ch tire inflat with the built in gaug and the chuck that hope will get tight seal on the valv stem"
"right out of the packag i use it first on the front tire of my bike and the gaug and pressur relea work fine and then i use it on the back tire and the pressur gaug read zero the relea malfunct after the first use so the dial would go back to zero right after you pull the gaug off the tire i put it back in the box and return to amazoncom immedi i do not recommend"
"they say 4100k color temperatur match my stock 2700k bulb appear in hous and beam i return right away the life is rate poor too not woth the money for fog light i purcha qualiti led bulb cheaper that will last as long as i own my car"
"i did not want the ghetto blue look at all but want brighter and nice hint of the whitish look mayb with ting of blue but these realli look veri close to the origin basic cheap sylvania bulb i can see hint of differ and not total yellow but realli all it add ting and i mean ting more whitish but still primarili yellowi saw the sylvania silverstar zxe model but the bulb look realli blue and i thought it would give the ug blue color so i went with the ultra kinda think the zxe would have given me more of the look i wa go forif you want regular yellow with slight hint of white hard ani but brighter then stock then these are good if you want more hid look with more whiteish look then go with the zxe as those should give you more of what you want i am return these for the zxe in hope they are what i am wantingi did more research on the zxe model and though the bulb is blueish most all review say it is not lbue at all just realli white and that wa what i want i know i couldnt get an hid look from bulb but i want someth close and still have the same bright if not more then the regular bulbsthey are ok but just not the white kinda bright like they adverti and i thought they would be plu the bright realli isnt ani brighter to me in my gmc sierra then the basic cheap sylvania wereover total not worth the money"
"put these in my tacoma and they are nice and bright but low beam went out on one side after 6 month i drive with my light on all the time so that had lot to do with it"
"sure these are white light that peirc the blackest night but do they last unfortunatley no they do noti had the dealership take out the oem head light bulb in my 2012 gmc sierra and replac them with the silverstar the bulb in thi truck are menac to replac as gm made them veri hard to get to on thi model year the first silverstar last about eight month until one burn out replac bulb and six month later the other one burn outetc etcif your vehicl ha an easi access to chang the bulb and you dont mind them last about six to eight month then these silerstar are veri good"
"i purcha these bulb for my 2003 explor in mid august of 2011 it now feb 2012 and ive been notic they arent as bright my stock bulb were brighter and last longer compar to these the reason i wa focus on buy the bulb in the first place wa becaus they were cheaper than walmart or ani auto store in my area store had the same bulb price in the 50 area and amazon had them for 35 they are decent bulb when they you first get them they lose the bright fast"
"close friend with 2001 ml320 had veri poor low beam light perform that need to be correct given the import of her need to quick reach emerg for her job i decid to take everi action to improv the situat the most expen step wa replac the exist bulb with sylvania ultra basic becaus they were the priciest in the store yet of the three action taken the replac yield the lowest impact result basic there is on so much technolog that can be appli to an incandesc light bulb which differ dramat from hid and ledwhil these measur are entir subject i would rank the improv and cost from the follow actions1 3m headlight restor kit 25 improv cost usd12 two hour labor in urban park lot so took longer than normal2 low beam vertic adjust 20 improv cost usdzero 30 minut labor3 sylvania ultra bulb instal 15 improv cost usd55 at local retail 20 minut laborth end result of thi endeavor is that use the restor kit with vertic adjust would have been more than suffici to achiev excel low beam perform it is hard to justifi high price for simpl incandesc bulb for the fundament reason so littl technolog involv no current driver no ballast moreov like dirti residenti light bulb yellow and craze headlight len signific reduc light transmiss thi problem is rel easi to correct by the least skill individu with 1015 dollar kit so while the sylvania bulb subt improv perform they should be the last correct action on your list"
"i tri these and wa impress with their bright white light output but wa extrem disappoint with the lifespan i didnt make it year with the first set tri again and one bulb didnt make it eight month live in small town where overz cop pull you over for have light out i went back to xtravi bulb that last much longer if you look on the back of the box it clear indic that the more expen brighter bulb last half as long as some the less bright one it is hard to believ they cannot make bright white bulb that last longer hope led headlight will have the right perform and price soon"
"purcha set of these to replac origin in my 2010 suv absolut no differ in bright one of the worst invest i ever made dont wast your money have someon walk in front of you with lit candl would be just as good"
"on compar these ultra bulb with the base silverstar that prece them the base blue pak silverstar is much better light imho i actual went back to the base silverstar for what appear to be it superior illumin down the road that i experienc with both our 03 honda civic hb2 and 03 focu same bulb but 9003h4 design felt bit scam by thi newer ultra offer realli and it true 6 mo top for life in both car but wouldnt be withoutbil h in the pacif northwest rain countri"
"i bought thi due to high review score and pricewish i had notstupid thing jam up the first time i put grea into it i push hard the first time and i got it to engag but the disengag tab pop out i took it apart resolv that issu as best as i could and the next time it jam again but thi time good push just broke the plastic bush insidethi isnt my first grea gun and not the first one ive had design like thi it is the first one ive had that would jam up like thi piec of junk what wast of money"
"i wa deceiv by some of the posit review of thi product ye it is heavi and feel substanti which some other review believ were indic of qualiti howev in my opinion thi product featur realli suck here is why1 the compressor hose detach off the bodi of the compressor via quick connect you push togeth and pull out to disconnect the one i receiv wa defect i push it in one time then pull it out when i tri to connect it again the dang thing wouldnt connect in with snap thi is unr how would you like to be strand with flat and think ok i just got to air up the spare and be on my way on to find out you cant connect the stupid hose to the compressor hose that are perman connect are better ive had cheaper model ive kept in my car and use for 20 year and there never been problem of the hose that wa perman connect fail thi detachalb hose on the slime is worthless2 i also complet disagr with other review about the screw on connect to the tire valv i prefer the snap down clamp type it so much easier to just snap the valv on rather than screw it on to the tire valv plu your tire valv is dirti so after you spend few second screw it on most like you hand will be black ive had plastic snap down clamp on my other compressor and there never been ani failur or breakag of the plastic3 an the frickin bag that come with it is too dang small good luck tri to fit all the part back into the bagif you want conveni and reliabl when it count dont get thi compressor big pita"
"i unpack thi grea gun put some thread sealant on the fit and tighten them up and use it to grea my truck i wa pretti happi with it until the next day when i pick it up and there wa grea leak out of it at the trigger and the bleeder valv also the descript say that it rate to 10000 psi the hose say it rate to 4500 psi next time ill go with my gut and spend some more money on someth that wont make me angri everi time i see it"
"i am sad to report that i have experienc situat veri much like few other review have mention the grea fit would not relea from the zerk and rip it right out of the ball joint assembl i had to retap the hole and buy new zerk to repair the vehicl i had to get pair of plier to remov the zerk from the grea gun as it wa complet and total stuck the biggest problem is that there is no size adjust on thi grea gun so you get what you get and cannot adjust the strength of the grip on the zerkoth than caus me to do an hour of extra work go to autozon to get tap and zerk thi gun seem to be built realli well and it seem to be abl to get enough pressur to get the job done without too much issueamazon wa extrem easi to work with on the return of thi itemjust becaus i had terribl experi with thi grea gun doesnt mean that you wont have good luck just be warn that the review that mention zerk be rip out are accur i discount these review when i order thi gun as i weight the overwhelminglyposit review score higher than the neg reviewsbottom line not recommend"
"i would say the claim of 51 watt equal 115 watt is just not true base on the claim i figur these bulb would just blow away my sylvania ultra star put the piaa in one light and compar to the sylvannia left in the other against my white garag door i saw no visibl differ in light output at all drove the truck and no differ color is on veri slight differ shade of white i am not knock piaa as i know they do make qualiti product but the claim is mislead"
"i wa realli on the fenc with purcha thi batteri onlin batteri are heavyth carrier in my case up will treat thi batteri like they treat ani other heavi packag and toss it around i read the review the good and the bad and thought that they had resolv the poor packag issu sad they have not my batteri arriv with three of the four corner of the base snap off and the neg post bentuntil amazon realiz that these batteri need to be packag better they should not sell themupd i request return but sinc thi batteri is consid hazard materi they didnt want the batteri back but issu full refund i tri it in my car and it work great for three month the batteri wa manufactur in februari 2012 but can bare hold charg now"
"bought one for my 04 gto it last about year and then die sit on the charger and wont go abov 105 volt i expect better"
"follow all the instruct on fill and charg im not new to motorcycl batteri thi batteri ha alreadi fail in take full charg not even year old at first i thought it wa my bike that wasnt chargingnop turn out thi batteri crap out i threw in 7 year old drag specialti batteri i had and use thi yuasa as an expen paperweight"
"no sure if thi wa good buy it went dead after sit week recharg it up and it work fine need to see how long it hold charg i charg it work week befor i instal it into bike charg with batterytend"
"fifti cent wort of tube and nippl thi is joke it now resid in ziplock bag in lower drawer of my tool box never to see the light of day again"
"i plan to use it in five gallon bucket purcha from one of the two larg home center chain but they slope inward toward the bottom so the insert doe not sit on the bottom therefor it requir more than twice as much soap and water quantiti to be use"
"i wa excit to get thi seal condit use it the same day i got it howev littl more than half of the bottl use and the air in it ran out big bummer now i cant finish the slide out rubber and there will be wast of product in can with no air left in it big bummer wa realli expen for not be abl to use the entir can"
"ive use it few time now on problem area on the car and it ha no effect i will tri someth el from differ brand"
"i fail when purcha thi tool i wa tri to substitut for the real full size kit to do some of my jobsi stong suggest that you dont follow in my foot stepsi couldnt even use it onc myab it could have been that it didnt offer the right size or configur for the car i wa work on that day but there is someth el that is wrong with go with tool like thi even if it had the right size or configur if the calip piston ha come out too far for thi tool to fit in between the calip and the piston then it would render it uselessi would recommend astro pneumat 78618 brake calip wind back tool set 18 piec whether it for profess use or person i strong suggest tool like thi one it go to be worth the invest trust me as of thi review time it current 3692 from amazongood luck"
"i made the mistak of buy thi tool to chang my rear brake pad on my car think that i could get away with get the cheap tool i wish i would have just paid littl more for the right tool as thi one wa such pain to usefirst there werent ani pin set that fit my rear brake piston there wa one side that had 4 hous shape peg on the corner i had to grind off two of the peg and i could use that side those hous shape peg were the on one that actual fit in my car pistonssecond the metal is so soft on thi cube thing that when the cube slip out of the slot in the calilp the metal deform and becom round off and it make it that much harder to use after it slip off about 10 time it is almost unus i had to frequent go back and use my dremel to remov more materi off the peg to make them flat again on the side that had round offthird eventu those peg got too small and they would slip out even though they werent round off i had to switch to anoth side that had two round peg out at the corner howev those round peg were too big so i had to go back to my dremel to grind them down bit to fit then start the process of slip and grind againfourth thi cube tool doe not compress the piston while turn it the compress come from your arm push on it and if you dont push it perfect straignt the cube slip so you cant put that much forc on it thi lead to take way longer to compress the piston then it should take with the proper tool that compress and turn at the same time these piston should be abl to be compress in about 5 minut each howev with thi tool it took me over two hour to compress one pistonfith becaus of all the grind i had to do thi tool is now worn out and wouldnt be good to use again on anoth brake job so im go to have to buy anoth tool when it come time to do rear brake againth is noth good about thi tool the on redeem qualiti about it is that i wa eventu abl to get the job done there were time in the middl where i thought i wa go to be run to the auto part store to buyrent the proper tool but it did make it through it probabl would have been quicker to make trip out and get new tool thoughdo yourself favor and dont buy thi tool i wouldnt buy ani of these cube tool base on my experi with thi one just spend littl more and get one of the rear brake piston set that compress the piston while turn i wish i had done that and i will do that for my next brake job sinc thi tool is now trash"
"lot of glow prai on thi item and while i agr with most of the comment like great leverag good in tight space easili adjust long reach and so on it fail me miser on the first use i had filter that wa not hand tight as mani expect them to be when theyr readi to slide under and twist them off with just light touch of pressur the filter on my 1999 expedit is right behind the bumper so im not sure if that placement expo it more to the element and make remov more difficult or if the filter wa last replac and tighten way too much last chang wa by ford dealer becaus it wa freebi i clamp onto the top of the filter and it immedi punch hole into it with the claw that are suppo to grip the filter and then came the oil down my arm i tri again at the base of the filter where there littl more metal and immedi got anoth set of hole i went for the strap wrench but that wouldnt budg it either i final got it off with my kr tool 12153 16inch groov joint plier i know all filter arent difficult to remov but ive been chang my oil filter plu most repair for about 50 year and thi is not the on filter i have had problem remov i will be purcha cap type filter wrench and have given thi wrench 1star becaus i could not get the filter off with it and it punch hole in the filter and sinc thi tool is pretti much useless for ani other job itll like be donat or just sink to the bottom of my auto tool drawer i dont care about the hole as much as i did the result oil leak or the potenti that the filter may have to be remov in piec im also surpri that one review talk about hole and how thi wrench didnt caus ani in the remov or instal and i think anyon who tighten filter with wrench is ask for problem i have purcha quit few tekton tool on amazon from wrench to socket and have not been disappoint until now last if your filter is on tight you should be abl to exert enough pressur with tool to get it off without punch hole in itsinc i wa abl to get it off with the plierskr tool 12153 pro seri 16inch groov joint pliersthat would seem to be the better tool invest if you have larg filter at least the jaw have more teeth for better grip the teeth are not like to punctur the filter it ha lot more potenti for other use where an oil wrench doe not and the price is about the same i have use the plier on mani other thing without an issu or damag to what i wa work on especi good for my 112 pvc irrig and pump line"
"they squish flat even lift my 96 328i which is not heavi car cant think about use them on my tiguan sinc it is even heavier the way they bend flat i cant imagin them hold up for long time"
"be care use thi it slip off my jack while lift the car caus the jack to dent the undercarriag"
"liter order it yesterday and got it today with amazon prime recommend by scotti kilmer so i think it should at least do some good work my 944 porsch ha belli pan so i cant tell if it leak on the floor but it should do someth at leastthey rai the price of thi item 23 dollar and instead of free ship you pay for it now so it use to be about 879 tax now it 11 someth tax ship disgust"
"i cant say thi product work on the two vehicl i tri it on it made one vehicl wor than it wa befor i ad it"
"i bought thi befor road trip and it arriv the day befor i had to depart the fit guid said that i bought the right size for my tire but it is short by over foot i cant realli comment on the product but i realli hope it doesnt snow on my trip becaus im in bad place if it doessc1036 doesnt even come close to fit on 26540r18"
"i have power bright pw110012 which work well and the power bright specif state these are veri effici unit 90 max which is whi i also tri thi smaller unit for anoth needthi invert is heavili built and on the outsid seem like qualiti unit when first power up use the accessori outlet adapt the unit ran my 75 watt current draw okay i then switch to set of hd cabl i use for the larger invert which probabl had noth to do with thi issu for anoth test with the same load and few second later smoke and flame billow out of the back for sever second the green ac power led in the front wa still on and it may have been produc ac power but i wa busi shut down the test and did not verifyfor the money thi seem like great unit and it probabl is defect happen even to the best of item but i replac it with 150 watt tripplight which will travel better for it intend usag"
"all it doe is scrape and pit your batteri termin i realli dont see the point of get thi tool scotchbrit spong would work better to clean the batteri termin"
"thi the first time that i receiv packag like thisth car wax contain wa bust and it wa all over the box i wa realli disappoint i dont know what to expect next time such wast"
"like few other review ive had thi charger kill few batteri it seem like if there is power outag that last longer than few second these guy get confus the batterymind ha kill 3 batteri for me like thi everyth is fine power goe off for coupl of hour you dont think about it and then daysweeksmonth later you go back and the thing ha red light on and your batteri is at 12 volt thi is design problem the charger should not discharg batteri no matter what it also doe not charg weak batteriesi would have thrown mine away but the desul mode ha brought back few batteri from the deadin conclus good desulf poor charger and unr maintain"
"i knew it wasnt for my grea gun but with some alter it will squeak byfor 6 and free ship it will hope work as good as the larg hose clamp i previous use"
"first their site gave me the wrong direct took awhil to find the right one thi thing onc instal ha never work right sometim it work fine then random stop work all togeth mute button on work when i hold it down and it cycl on and off i have to relea it and hope it stop on mute volum work for about 4 notch then wont go back down also i need to push the button realli hard to make thi thing respond befor it wa just light touch thi thing is irrit and frustrat go with the axxess aswc same price doesnt need to go though complic program process and actual work"
"thi product wa easi enough to instal as im electron inclin howev i ran into bit of an issu after the instal wa complet and the unit wa program it fail to control my kenwood dnx6960 reliabl sometim it work for everi button press sometim it didnt work at all sometim it work for all button other time on some button functionedi triplecheck everyth which wa fine and then began research the problem while research i stumbl across bulletin from the manufactur appar some of the swijack unit were missold at the factori and fail to oper kenwood head unit even when proper wire into place wow just wow talk about bad qualiti controlfortun mine wa proper solder on the insid sad though thi didnt help me find solut ultim i live with the sporad function of the unit until my metra axxess aswc arriv im much happier with the axxess aswc it use steer wheel control wire off the radio har rather than need to be connect direct to the vehicl bcm it also autodetect the head unit it may need 12k reisstor in the line on dure autodetect for some kenwood head unit but the dnx6960 isnt one of them mean no program is necessari and it competit price i strong recommend the metra axxess aswc over the pac swijack unless you just have to have pac swijack especi if your work on gm truck in conjunct with kenwood head unit"
"ok so these look like they might be ok for the price and are made in washington state buy local thing i wa terribl disappoint that local washington state compani would claim these are waterproof they know how it rain here these boot leak bucket as the water ran off my waterproof ride suit pant leg right down into the upper part of the boot within minut of ride the boot wa satur the zipper also fail after about week the upper stop came off and the zipper just pull right off in my hand dont expect ani support or protect from thi boot either it front is sort of armor but the side and the rest of the boot is veri veri thin materi vega will not deal with ani of these issu and say i must go through the dealer i purcha them from howev the dealer say they didnt make the boot or the claim of waterproof so that warrantyadverti issu and to go through vega catch 22 right if i ever get thi resolv to my satisfact return for full refund ill post how much effort it took for now i would avoid vega at all cost due to poor product and terribl custom servic"
"i havent had chanc to use them in the rain but for normal ride they are veri good easi to put on with the two zipper and they seem to have complet liner that is waterproof comfort too they are not sidi or bmw qualiti but for the price are finethi wa ad after 4 hour ride in the rain thi boot is rain magnet i had so much water in these it could be dump out i need to chang these to no star as the main point of buy waterproof boot is to have it be waterproof and these are not dont buy these if you want ani sort of water resist or water proof as they are bad for that"
"super light weight that whi the 2 star some peopl would like how light they are but not me id think if you crash the road would chew these up like it wa noth so ill save my feet and get some real thick boot"
"if your up for tuneup these plug are worth replac the oem plug my engin run smoother and throttl respon is notic dont expect miracl like sudden increa in mpg your not turn your car into hybrid just replac old copper core singl arm plug with new materi for better sparkwith hope of better perform it not much more expen than copper plug so it wa definit worth trythi model wa direct replac for my age 1996 infin i30 v6 no problem with instal but make sure to buy the anti lubricantupd took my car to the shop for other work and after pull these plug they said thi model 4501 wa the wrong one for my 1996 infin i30 but amazon makemodel filter list that these work and they fit fine mayb the 4 electrod make the plug run hotter that may not be good on my old car not sureil keep them in for littl while longerupd 2 sept 15 2012 so littl over 6 month 5k mile of run with these plug all of sudden my car stumbl on accel after googl for possibl answer came up on few complaint about bosch plug fail i replac them with some singl prong ngk vpower and the problem went away the bosch didnt look like they fail but it may burn too hot for my old car im glad the problem wasnt seriou i did receiv my 4 rebat check so each plug end up net 2 so not worth it go through bosch product guarant return process they dont cover sh read that they discontinu these plug and use the rebat to get rid of dead inventori it may work for you but i would stick to someth closer to oem like ngk or denso if i were you"
"with 50000 mile my factori iss wa make noi like they all do i put thi one in with new green bear and it wa mayb 50 better then after 2 month it wa noisier than the factori one i took out and threw away now it realli loud thi wa 100 wast of money"
"thi steer shaft is of poor design the factori shaft is much better than thi one i instal it no problem but the clearanc were bigger then the one i took off i dont recommend thi item for ani one tri to up grade to someth better it not"
"one down side bottl can and will fell off due to the fact of the design adjust arm cannot hold 34full heavy34 16oz water bottl those arm spread easier than legsi actual gotem glue with epoxi use coke bottl as standard measur be care not to glueem to wide apart or the lid wont close"
"ive had pair of rainx latitud wiper on my lexu rx300 for two month i thought they were great and did good job clear the windshield until today today we had our first snow and sleet of the season in philadelphia as i drove to the groceri store the driver side wiper fail catastroph the entir blade assembl with the except of the mount clip that fit into the car metal j arm ie the wiper arm fell off the car as i wa drive immedi cost me visibl in the sleet if you look at the pictur of the wiper the black plastic part in the middl essenti broke off of the blade assembl there wa not much slush built up on the windshield at the time on bit that the blade had push up and to the left side of the windshield while i drove it wasnt as though i wa tri to use the wiper on pack ice or anyth given the premium price of the blade i wa surpri at how weak the construct wasit should go without say that product failur of thi natur is unaccept given how import visibl is when drive at speed in inclement weather been work on car for more than twenti year i know how to instal blade i proper instal these wiper accord to the includ rainx direct after the blade fell off the car the connector wa still proper mount to the car wiper arm howev the product failur wa that the rainx connector fail to hold the blade becaus i still have the connector i took close look at it it on some plastic and upon inspect doe not seem like veri robust design these wiper werent proper design andor manufactur to withstand real world condit i see other review below have had similar bad experiencesil be stick with bosch etc in the futur buy at your own risk"
"after on few day my 26 wiper develop larg area that it would not wipe so i had to buy new wiper sinc it may be due to get bad one and sinc the smaller wiper seem to work better ill give it two star instead of just one"
"these are the worst wiper blade i have ever use they leav streak on the windshield and do horribl job in the rain i tri to contact the seller to ask them for an exchang on to be told that my return date expir if there were neg star i would use them for thi product even cheap wiper blade do better job than these blade"
"i have 2005 bmw 330xi these are some of the few wiper blade that have the correct veri larg adapt for my model bmw i on know if thi wiper blade and icon for have the correct fitth squeak streak and are just pain there are time where the smallest bit of water is on my windshield and it just spread the water around more and it becom more of an issuemayb it is just the pair i got but for the price of these i fulli expect them to work flawless but sad these are absolut horridi have heard good thing about bosch icon so i will be give those tri here soon"
"these wiper blade leav smear on the driver side 2005 ford f150 that is outright danger if drive at night i discov the problem dure 2200 road trip through colorado in januari not be abl to see at night is no fun have to stop at ga station to do the wiper job is silli these wiper are expen but their perform is unaccept"
"ive had my eye on these wiper blade for while becaus i had heard some pretti good thing onc sale hit i wa all over themth veri first thing i notic when i replac the oem blade on my 2013 charger wa how massiv the bracket are i didnt have ani delus about universalfit part look like contigu part of my wiper arm but serious the bracket on thi is just hugei appreci how wellconstruct the rest of the blade seem to be and that in spite of the gigant bracket the blade didnt wobbl then i tri them out ugh they streak like no other ive actual treat my windshield withrainx 800002243 glass treatmentand i use rainx washer fluid religi so if there windshield in town that should be slicker than well you know it mine yet these blade do horrend job of keep my windshield clearaft coupl of week i end up put the oem blade back on those yearold blade perform far better than these new one"
"i realli thought these blade would be awesom replac for my oem i wa wrong they do not form to the window and they leav streak right in the eye line of the windshield im definit go to replac them soon but will not be buy rain x ever again"
"i purcha thi 24 inch wiper blade think it wa qualiti product after one month i got one streak by six month the whole contact area wa streak i purcha the good year assur at costco buy one get one free for 799 and after six month on my other car they still work like newth 18 inch rainex i purcha still work fine after six month but be pair up with loser i chang them bothgoodyear gywb76524 assur black premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade 24 pack of 1i had the latitud on my other car in 24 and 18 inch and after few month they began to squeak it is amaz how much you pay and how littl you getrainex work veri well but their wiper blade and window cleaner are not worth buy just goe to show what happen when compani expand the product line and forget the qualiti"
"squeepsqueepthunkthunksnack thunksnackknockwhack knockwhackkveetchchitchitcrunksnitbut whi belabor the point work well for about six month then start smear littl and the noi got more interest over time and intolerableback to bosch for me"
"these work for about week and then cea to function the way they first did i would not recommend them for jeep vehicl i would search for differ brand"
"clunki and heavi i previous use microfib towel but decid to give thi mitt tri i will be go back to the towel thi thing is clunki heavi and hard to remov debri from in the wash bucket skip it look into other option"
"thi is rel cheap wash mitt there is lot of foam pad howev the actual microfib content is minim and not thick or plush there are mani better higher end microfib towel avail from dedic detail store"
"weve alway use fluffi wash cloth to wash our vehicl but i figur there must be someth better my search for wash mit found these so i bought 2the pro low cost the ship is includ veri good reviewsth con these are huge way too larg for our larg xl hand awkward for clea in tight areasim not say these mitt wont work for you we dont care for these theyr go in the donat box were back to use fluffi wash cloth"
"the mitt is okay but too thinit feel like thin towel when you use it to wash your carand the mitt is too big my hand wa move all over insid of itmitt wa okay but materi wayyyi tooo thin need to be much thicker if it want to do the job rightbett off get microfib towel or spong than thi"
"thi mitt is bit thinner than i expect and doesnt hold as much soapwat as i had hope when you pull it out of the bucket it realli just drain off quick so you have to hurri and get it onto the car also it white so it show dirt and grime veri quick as you wash i wa surpri at how much grit and grime actual stuck to the mitt even though i wa use the 2bucket method it just didnt wash off in the rin water my old trusti microfib spong work better than thi mitt unfortun and the grit and grime rin right off the spong but not thi mitt anoth dud from meguiar see my water magnet review"
"it may seem soft which is is but someth i dont like about it nowher to trap dirt i love the other wool mit or the standard old school one which work perfect thi seem like good qualiti but doesnt have alot of soap sud and idk scare it will scratch black car"
"i wa extrem disappoint in thi item most of the camco stuff i have is pretti good but the problem with thi meter is the clear plastic face is not static proofwhen compar with my fluke multimet thi meter read about 2vac high at 120vac or about 16 offwhen you get the meter it ha piec of protect plastic over the bezel and just remov it will induc enough static electr to caus the pointer to chang and if you brush across the bezel with your finger you can make it read anywh from 110v to 130v becaus the static electr affect the needlemost meter use plastic bezel that is immun to static and doe not do thi i dont know if the problem is the plastic the manufactur use or perhap they fail to treat it with some chemicalsad there are not lot of option for other brand i like an analog meter in thi case as you can see voltag fluctuat whole lot better than you can with digit meterhop over time thi meter will lose it sensit to static electr"
"i took flier on thi after read the review i lost the meter is easili 59 volt off test with my multimet and confirm with my volt meter app on my power supplydont wast your money amazon should serious consid drop thi item from it websit"
"after power outag i connect my refrig to thi power suppli sad it invert wa unabl to support my refrig the duracel dpp600hd doesnt have enough momentari output to handl the initi startup current spike of refrig compressor motor the specif say it can momentarili provid up to 960 watt thi equat to 8 amp at 120v yet public benchmark figur for home refrig startup current indic 13 amp for up to 12 second other applianc that use electr motor such as sump pump are like to exhibit the same characterist my suggest is that custom immedi test thi product with ani devic they intend to power dure an outagesom import specif are miss in the amazon list one of the key static is the capac of the intern batteri which is 28 amphour at 12 v thi equat to 336 watt hour yet ac output is much lower than thi presum due to invert loss these loss increa with power output the follow tabl illustr thi the last column is my calculationloadwattshourswatthourscordless telephone5350 175portabl stereo10220 220laptop computer2070 140fan1001717036 tv13312 16038 drill30004 115warmair fan heater31204 109blender38503 109hid floodlights40003107observ that the total energi deliv watthour drop with power consumpt ultim the usabl energi is signific less than what is contain within the lead acid batteryfor refer refrig will use about 200 watt of electr when the compressor is run typic consum will have their refrig run about 50 to 60 of the time which equat to an averag of 100120 watt be consum continuouslyconsdoesnt handl current spike associ with certain electr motorsprosboth ac and dc outputportablesimpl oper"
"i had read mani mix review but i order thi wrench hope it would work out well for me unfortun for my circumst i found it difficult to get the wrench to grip the oil filter you must be abl to get one hand on the filter to hold the jaw of the wrench in place as you move the wrench to loosen to filter i found thi to be more troubl than it worth mayb it would work better on anoth vehicl with more room to work and differ size filter i wa abl to turn my filter by hand but if i couldnt im sure i could have gotten thi wrench to work but it wa more difficult than i wa expect"
"kind of flimsi i ultim just use channellock tongu and groov plier to grip and unscrew the oil filter plu the channellock is more use for other task after you yank the oil filter off the first time just hand tighten the next time it is more than enough to prevent leak both by my anecdot experi 5 year of chang my own oil and per expert onlin and allow you to hand unscrew it in the futurebottom line dont wast your money get channellock instead"
"i would not recommend to buy thi at all it is veri slipperi and not use for hold the jack in place i do not know whi they would sale such unsaf product lawyer should make case out of thi product"
"when these are attach to the lynx level block the instant you hit it it pop off the block it attach to so i guess it doe let you know when your on the block but it not confid inspir at all now sit in the garag ignor"
"thi item includ 2 veri small piec of sandpap of differ coar it would be nice if they were label 2 small tube of polish compound and 2 small polish cloth in my opinion it8217 not worth the price"
"the direct are poor writtenth process did not work for me i wa veri disappoint after read so mani posit review"
"didnt do anyth for the scratch no impact at all frank i am high disappoint do not recommend you to buy and use thi"
"to me grabag the qualiti of thi set ha gone downhil imo i have an older set that rock so i bought thi newer set for anoth trailer garbag mismatch look pin and lock hitch cover lock is plactic and doesnt hold well i would recommend buy local so that you can tri it and return it thank you amazon for allow me to return thi pog"
"the pin 10mm is too wide for the disc brake hole and the disk is too wide for the lock to easili slip on and off without damag the dick bake itself great lock for other bike i suspect but not design for thick brake disk with smaller hole"
"ive got sport bike that doesnt have ani storagebefor i had smaller disc lock made by someon el but the intern on it alway lock up even when i had the keyso i got thi one want someth betterthi one is too big to mount in the littl spot i had beforeit came with littl nylon carri bag and i tri mount that to the motorcycl but it didnt stay i took it off befor it fell off and i lost the locknow if i plan to go somewh that i want to lock up the motorcycl walmart or some sketchi bar i will tuck thi into the pocket of my ride jacket if i rememb it the problem is i have never rememb itiv never gotten ani use out of it yet there it sit brand new and never flaw"
"lock attach to the brake calib just fine but found after about 2 week of leav it on when i insert key it wouldnt come loo without hit and pull onc i got it off i spray dri liquid wrench grea and attach i work well at that point as i lock and unlock sever time again let it set about 2 week i went to unlock and same problem thi time i resort to wd40 and lock and unlock sever time without ani problem two or three week later here we go again the lock doe attach to the calib just fine and the tire cant be roll without caus damag to the brake calib so secur is not problem it just get the thing to unlock smooth without appli altern mean and method for get the thing to relea"
"the trimax t3black receiv lock is one of the best lock offer it plenti long and veri well made the weight and feel of the metal is testament to it qualiti and workmanship i am veri satisfi with the lock the rubber lock cover keep out dirt and water it is definit worth the moneyupd after go thru brutal winter in ohio thi lock rust and the key wouldnt open it i end up have to cut it off which by the way wasnt easi mayb if i would have lube it good and made sure the cover wa on constant it may have last for that reason alon i reapprai it to one star"
"i have 750 honda shadow and thi will not fit over the disk brake it wa too cheap to hassl with the return"
"i see that no one ha left review in while so they no one may have order for 2012i order thi for my 2012 jk and it doe not fit the circumf for the steer wheel wa right but i assum the thick of the steerng wheel ha chang as thi doe not cover the steer wheel correct front to back and i had to remov and return"
"it wa way too small for an adult head after test it coupl of time i start get dizzi and not sure whether it wa the fume i wa smell when the mask wa tight close to my nose anyway i simpl cannot rate thi ani higher not becaus of the small size but more about the odorfum"
"ive use rainx product on and off for year while rainx doe shed water from the windshield as adverti be advi that it leav hazi film on the windshield that produc glare when illumin by overhead street light and oncom traffic light which danger impair vision and the abil to see the road ahead of you thi is true dure daytim drive but is more so while drive at night especi as you pass underneath ambercolor street light onc appli rainx is difficult to remov and take quit while to wear off by itself after recent windshield replac to which i appli rainx i realiz just how bad my vision wa impari by use thi product glass cleaner didnt seem to work so to remov the rainx i resort to superconcentr windshield cleaner it took sever attempt and lot of elbow grea but i eventu wa abl to remov the product from my windshield i toss the remain rainx product in the trash so my kid wont be tempt to use it on their car windshield"
"they ship thi in box with no wrap around it thi allow cardboard dust to get all over it there is ton of lint and residu left behind i bought these for auto detail main to remov wax or quick detail i would not use to buff wax the residu is annoy buy better qualiti cloth"
"these are perfect for someon who ha some extra cash that theyd prefer to wast but doesnt have lighter handi to just burn ita other have said cheap thin nonabsorb the rever side ha some kind of fishnet god forbid your clean someth reckless and accid get wipe in with ani part of the fishnet face downward youll have some nice scratch in your paint or plastic or whatev it is you like to polishto make thing even weirder they have tag on them and theyr on the microfib side what yep it 1side product and they put the tag on the on usabl side geniu have some scissor readi to cut those off"
"as other have mention these have plastic mesh on one side so you can on use onc side of each cloth the mesh also make it veri precari and frustrat to usethey do clean glass quit well although in the futur i will like look to anoth microfib cloth that doesnt have one side which is useless in fact after on few use i grew fedup with these and toss them in the trash"
"look cheap the hook sit out too far so i dont feel comfort leav them hang in the cari dont want someon to accid snag themselv or hit their face on thi in the back seatespeci with child in the back"
"let me say that for the price 650 it hard to complainthey are heavi gaug steel and look like they will hold up to reason amount of weight that is i doubt youd have anyth in groceri bag that would creat problem for themthey came littl bent upeasili fixedwhat i didnt like wa that the protect end wa not plastic or rubber but wood 2 of them were deliv unattach to the end of the hook and just like in the pictur of one of the other review one of them split in half when i tri to put it back oni need to find some new cap to replac the wood as the end are just littl jag without the protect end on i suggest that the manufactur switch to plastic or rubber and someth that stay onupd downgrad my reviewsoon all of the wooden cap had broken off thi creat hazard for littl kid in the back seat as well as my flip up rear seat they are on use if they are in the car and i had to take them out to save eye and upholsteri"
"we own an airoswiss ao 7135 ultrason humidifi for few week now the machin ha indic through it warn light that it requir clean our airoswiss 7135 is hypersensit it warn light goe on with the tiniest invi speck so initi we bought airoswiss ez cal cleaner descal didn8217t do the trick thereaft we replac the demin cartridg and content still no chang even after follow the instruct to the letter and clean with special brush our humidifi wouldn8217t extinguish it clean light so last resort thi ezcal pro again appli the product as instruct without success so our humidifi is present run with the irrit littl light on but oper as it should be nevertheless the ez cal cleaner descal and the ezcal pro liquid didn8217t do wonder in our case either so cant say that were thrill with the airoswiss mainten product in the futur well stick to vinegar or some other gener decalcif agent"
"ok i purcha thi for my bike becaus i had good experi with anoth accutir pressur gaugebut thi one 34sucks34 it work ok when i first got it but after 2 year the batteri went dead and i on use it mayb 20 time my other accutir pressur gaug is 10 year old and im still on the origin batteri so i purcha new batteri and found out you have to take thi whole thing apart to get to where the batteri is buri so i take it apart veri care not to lose these veri small part and replac the batteri so happi with my batteri instal i go out to my garag and tri it out and all i get is 1 psi on the lcd so i tri differ car same thing 1 psi thi is dispo item when the batteri die you just throw it away and buy new one no thank i will keep use my analog pressur gaug"
"dont believ the ad statement heavi duti cord translat into heavi duti anyth other than mayb rubber insul thi is for lowpow item on it is 20awg wire insid bare enough wire diamet to run 5watt speaker if you think you are go to plug in tire inflat 1000000 candl spotlight etc you are sad mistaken thi is not repeat not heavi duti it is crime that the wire awg american wire gaug is not list in the spec otherwi you would know that plug in heavi amperag load is either go to burn thi up in split second or turn it into heater coil and set your car on fire when you tri if you want to charg cell phone an ipad etc on it go ahead no problem but the problem is most peopl buy an exten cord for cigarett lighter to do someth with heavi amp load outsid of the vehicl thi will not support heavi amp load"
"i bought thi in may of 2013 and it now septemb 1 2013 i tri to use thi cord for the first time over the labor day weekend holiday with no result michigan summer feel mani time like your in kentucki with the heat humid with that said i need someth to cool me down camp along the west michigan shorelin the endless breez did great job of that but i need an exten cord to run it i final open thi exten cord up and tri to use it noth i thought that mayb i need to check the fuse so i did and guess what it didnt even have the capabl of use fuse that danger and could blow an electron devic upi notifi amazon and as usual they gave me an opportun to send it back even though im out of the return date thank amazon your the best"
"so i bought thi after the tool said thi would fit my car well after some further research and tri to instal it i found that it doesnt go in my car nor doe my model even take cabin filter"
"it wa hard to fit or put indid i say i smell chine dungwel doe not fit like it wa made for the cari smell chine dung dont you"
"terribl piec of item i have ever purchasedi threw away the product and purcha better product at walmart"
"did not fit my car filter har after amazon compat tool said it would there wa 1534 gap compar to the oem filter i have 2006 honda civic si steer clear of thi if you own the same car"
"these are ok they keep the water from reach the floor but without ridg they also keep the water to where it hit your shoe in and out of the car in snowi and ici condit and you can be damn sure that you are go to end up get freez water in your shoe as an unplea surpri they are hard to empti without spill becaus of the lack of lip on the front of the liner so you either wait till the water dri on it own which doesnt happen in winter soak it up with towel or attempt to empti it and end up with water exact where it wasnt suppo to go howev they probabl work fine for sandi or muddi condit as they are pretti easi to clean off over there are better option and i wish i had gone with one of the other option instead"
"i wont recommend thi product i have compressor for my car 12v and i bought thi it dosent work"
"i wa use thi to power my viair 00073 70p heavi duti portabl compressor but with 6amp it doenst do the job return it and went with schumach 1216 12v 15 amp power convert good to go"
"we have these on the awn of our rv the metal portion rust the first season we use them would not buy replac"
"i use my batteri tender lot so i just throw it in plastic shop bag rather then to stuff it in thi littl case i end up use thi case for small part etc then to store the batteri tender that i like in it it just need to be littl larger"
"i previous own the cabl luber that on ha 1 thumb screw could never get that one to work i thought thi one would do the trick i could not get thi one to work as well"
"first off let me say that i am high doubt that thi pump could possibl reach 300psi it cheap auto pump equip with cheap dim safeti light the digit pressur gaug doesnt seem to work at all mine jump around from 14psi to 98psi in moment if you want to use the digit display more than onc you have to unplug and replug the unit stupid there are much much better product out there keep look"
"i tri thi one one of my tire when i unbox it and when it shut off the display would never come back on i wa readi to give up right there until i saw anoth review had similar issu and that it would work again after be unplug from power and plug back in right there that make thi unit fail for me sinc if you have to remov power between wheel it becom much more of pain to deal with but few day later it actual did not kill the display after shut off automat with one tire so it wasnt just by design it seem to just be total intermittentth abil to set pressur and let it stop when it hit that pressur is great concept but thi thing hasnt work anyth near as adverti i set if for 38 psi sinc my tire max at 44 and the manufactur suggest 33 but i like littl stiffer wheel than that on one tire it shut off about 375 on anoth i had to stop it at 39 myself becaus it never did shut off on the other two it wa about 375 or so accept you can pick in 1 psi increment abov 30 and it read in 12 psi increment but when i test with veri good tire pressur gaug the read thi wa give wa realli around the scale the tire that wa inflat to 39 psi befor i shut it off myself wa actual at 41 one of the one that shut off about 375 one wa actual 35 one wa actual 37then there the issu with the rubber insid the valv piec the veri first tire i put thi on and then remov piec of the rubber seal insid the nozzl fell to the floor it like it dri rot alreadi or someth and the plastic lever to lock and unlock is not veri strong at all and bend to the point im afraid it will snap when im put it on or offnoth about thi unit scream qualiti which would explain the low price the concept is good but the execut fail in mani mani way"
"there are better choic in air compressor than thi unit i dont like the fact that the digit gaug stop work after it reach the preset pressur the unit must be unplug and plug in again to get the gaug work again also the gaug is not veri accur the compressor take too long to inflat my car tire to the correct pressur 32psi it may be good for light duti stuff like pool float and the like but it is not power enough to inflat auto and truck tire thi may be good compressor to leav in the car for emerg but there are better choic i purcha thi campbel hausfield compressor for under 20 sever year ago and it is still work great but it doesnt have pressur gaugecampbel hausfeld rp1200 12volt compact inflat"
"i bought thi for automot detail interior engin bay wheel etc thi product fall short in two veri import area 1 the bristl are not stiff enough to do ani real clean you appli pressur and it lose shape veri quick to the point where you are drag the side of the bristl around the area you are tri to clean 2 it shed like crazi ive use these brush half dozen time alreadi and they are still shed whatev im clean end up with loo bristl all over them"
"thi is veri easi to use gaug that allow for neg adjust by simpli tap the button on the side to relea air while watch the read it seem well made and i hate to say i have drop it coupl of time but with no ill effect other review have led me to believ that slime make some of the most accur gaug out thereupd 10113 it is now 9 lb off for no appar reason and is worthless"
"first time i zip pant leg the zipper broke off right in my hand lol now that qualiti buy someth el"
"i like the look of these when they arriv howev they are not veri heavi gaug metal and bend easili when instal onto the tail light the on good thing about thi is that they bend back into place just as easili as they had bent out of shape nice look but need to be better made"
"the fender flare arriv ahead of the schedul deliveri date the passeng side front fender ha flaw in it the side mold do not fit flush against the fender flare the on posit is that the fender where easi to instal i would not recommend thi product to other"
"it littl to small to fit my licen plate anyway i didnt want to take the time to send it back and look for anoth one so i made it fit mine i just use pair of tin snip and trim off small piec of the licen plate along the bottom it cant be seen sinc it behind the frame work fine but i shouldnt have had to do anyth so it pretti bad when you cant make someth to fit what it suppo to fit how hard would it be to measur few differ state licen plate and make it big enough to fit the largest one"
"cheap plastic that crack easili and wast of timeget someth that cost more and made betterth end"
"seem well made howev it is pretti slow pump 10w30 oil at room temp the engin should be warm upth plastic clip use to pinch off the line until vacuum is built up seem to deform the plastic tube further slow down flowi just order 38 fuel onoff valv for under 500 on amazonand will elimin that clip which should help51214 updat remov the plastic pinch valv and put on the abov brass 38 onoff valv thi valv definit seal better and may allow more flow as the hose isnt pinch at all anymor it still take much longer to pump 10w30 oil than i expect count on half hour for 4 quartsif i knew and i did watch video show oh well it work how slow thi is i would have simpli purcha and still may an electr pump"
"i guess that im old school but thi product is not for mefirst as other have state spatter is problem no matter how care you aresecond there not lot of surfac contact area so it take long time to get anywherethird even if you are care in squez out the ball after you wash it it take veri long time day to dri outmi suggest is to take some fluffi old athlet sock and do the job by hand that lot of work but it seem to go faster than with the ball it also easier to judg where you have beendisclaim my experi is limit and i have on tri thi product on an old car that ha set unwax for near 30 year if your car is newer and the paint ha been kept up you may have better luck with the ball i plan to tri it on honda crv with nice paint and will provid an updat follow thathop the next experi will be magic"
"i am read lot of bad review on these pigtail what worri me the most is some seem to be ship with differ thread type and peopl are strip them tri to make them work whi the heck cant these be standard ive also read that some come with differ size of npt as well as differ thread type it seem that what is list is not alway what you order and on top of that someon like me who doe not know how to recogn the differ thread type and size wont even know if i receiv the correct part or the wrong parti recommend you doubl check your part number on the hose befor instal them to avoid strip your regulatori thought whi not use quick connect hose to connect my regul to my applianc it seem these mate up nice to other quick connectsbut on if made by camco and then these quick connect fit dont mate up easili to the other part like regul etc wtf i need still anoth adapt and some peopl tell me perhap multipl adapt to make it all work im not go to use three differ adapt to mate up quick connect that mean i have huge lunk thing stick out readi to be damag knock out of place that is sure to leak out all my expen propaneok so i call camco i want to be sure i order the right part and spoke to two differ peopl at camco that blew me off it seem camco part dont necessarili fit each other and they dont sell adapt to make them fit it would be great if they could provid some custom support and perhap make up some custom hose to help peopl make thing worki give thi 1 star becaus camco huge fail in help me put togeth system that will allow me to hook up extern tank to my rvone star also becaus they ship differ type of hose fit and buyer dont know what they are gettinghonest id like to order one of everi one of their part and analyz them im an engin and if i cant figur out what to order base on conflict informationreview that report receiv differ size fit 1434 npt than specifi 3834 npt and multitud of part numbersand need for adapt when buyer should be abl to buy everyth he or she need without an adapterit all tell me camco ha not thought out how their product are usedthink about it there are on so mani way propan tank hose and applianc are hook up i dont see ani need for adapt other than those that attach to the tank"
"use 6 gal plastic ga can been use mine for 8 year so far"
"for almost 9 thi is too much i recycl my old 1 gallon milk jug and take them to my auto store for recycl thi is much easier on the wallet sinc you alreadi bought the milk"
"the toler on the thread of thi contain are poor grant it is quit inexpen and the consum can on expect so much at thi price point i have test about dozen of these contain sold at variou retail outlet not singl one could be tighten such that i wa unabl to squeez air out of it while thi may not be problem for high viscou oil other more volatil compound which may contamin the oil could leak outiron you can purcha similar size kitti liter contain at aldi for the same price use the litter for an oil absorb if you dont own cat"
"dure the first week the anco wiper wa on the driver side of my outdooron car we had 80 degr weather rain sleet snow the anco wiper start leav small eyelevel streak after 4 day the streak is faint but definit there and annoying right at eye levelmi passeng side wiperacdelco 22acd clear vision wiper blade with wear indic 22 pack of 1 ha been on my car sinc the begin of the year and ha been through multipl snow storm and freez temperatur the ac delco wiper continu to be streakfreei am go to put the driver side acdelco wiper back on my car it ha higher profil arm but it doe great job"
"these did not fit my 08 suburban the descript said w 9x3 hook so i assum that to be includ it wasnt and i wa unabl to use these on my 08 suburban"
"i realli do like beam style wiper they dont rust they look nicer than the old fashion style of wiper and they perform better in most instanc except thi oneth 22 anco contour wiper i mount on the driver side of my 2007 hyundai accent part match fit accord to amazon part finder wont conform complet or correct to the curvatur of the windshield it leav section of the windshield partial wipe put streak of water coupl inch wide and right in my line of sight ive tri clean the window and wipe down the blade but noth solv the issu visual inspect of the 22 blade reveal no physic defect or flawsth 16 anco contour blade i have instal on the passeng side of my accent clear the window without thi problemi have also notic that at highway speed abov 65 mph both blade seem to lift off the windshield and are less effect at clear water away even though these blade have spoiler built into them to cut down on thi high speed problemi realli want to like these blade they fit on my car without the need of bulki and unsight adapt like some other brand requir you to use unfortun look arent realli an import featur in wiper blade perform is and unfortun these blade just dont cut itupdateaft just coupl week on the vehicl the 22 wiper on the driver side is leav four to six inch wide section of the windshield right in my line of sight on partial clear review drop to one star blade toss in the trash"
"these wiper were instal on my priu ive had it for sever year and the origin wiper were just not clean as they use to i wa surpri that thi small car need wiper that wa longer than the one my 4 runner usesim not sure whi but the larger blade start to leav about 2 to 3 inch smear in the middl of the blade i have reinstal it use my old trick of dilut vinegar to clean the blade and the windscreen and it still doe not do an adequ job the smaller blade is work fine but thi larger one will definit need to be replac befor the next few day of inclement weather"
"what junk scratch way too easi and wa scratch when i got them threw away dont wast your money is you ipe or wash your car"
"i wa pull over in texa and my wife just got pull over in vega for have the tint one on just anoth reason for pig to pull you over our have been on our car for six yearsnow all the sudden you cant have them on ur car i wa told on on the backit illegali will wait for them to make me take mine off"
"it work well for few day and after that i have to dump my tank and deposit more biopak i just dont know i may be do someth wrong but i dont think so becaus i am follow the direct on the packag if ani one ha some tip plea post them"
"i wa hope thi tool to be good but it ha poor design in my honest opinion the tool is way too bigtal and heavi becaus 50 of the time i cant take tread read becaus the tool is too big to fit in between the tire and the upper wheel wall on most of the car i work on thi thing weigh like 12 pound and that just way too heavi for tire tread gaug it doe feel rock solid sturdier though but it too difficult to use becaus it hard to quick retract the measur point in between take read"
""
"bought from amazon back in april 2012 didnt tri to use it until just recent my yokahama geoland tire when brand new had 1332 of tread use thi fowler digit gaug it told me i had 2332 of tread how is that possibl these tire are magic grow more rubber i check on multipl spot on the tire and wa alway around 2332 so at least that part is consist i went to the fowler home page and email them last week have yet to get responsei end up purcha from amazon the milton s448 tire tread depth gaugework like charm and much much cheaper not sure whi the fowler give me the whack out read took out batteri and replac itbut i guess there are alway defect onesespeci when deal with anyth electronicanoth reason to go with the milton tread gaugeveri basic yet it work"
"first i must say i hate purcha tool that on do one thingunitask i purcha thi socket tool becous i had to not beca i want to but quick found out i need anoth socket to turn it and here the kicker the socket is bigger then standard set 19mm or 34 so you have go out and purcha 1516 or 24mm socket which is huge socket i will never use thi socket unless i own diesel truck add that to the cost of the wrench so about 8 dollar for the socket and the price of tool just to get start the oil filter wasnt on too tight so the cheaper plastic tool work out just fine for me the 24mm socket stay on the aluminum tool and should ship like that wast of time and money for tool that on doe one task"
"i want to cover my spare receiv thi the day befor i went out of town right out of the box one of the seam at the black cord wa alreadi fray poor qualiti but you get what you pay for"
"vinyl is line with fleecelik materi entir sleev is veri pliabl just warm it up befor put them on strap are canvass cord with plastic buckl high recommendedupd 10272013 bare had these 2 12 month purcha august 7 2013 and one of the plastic buckl clip have broken i put them on onc for about 1 12 month remov them for month to camp and just went to put them back on the clip on one of them just fell apart in my hand veri cheap do not recommend"
"these are cheap and bare cover the top of the tire it is also veri difficult to maneuv the elast strap around the back of the tire so it can latch to the other elast strip i liter have to use stick wrap the long strap around it and push it so i can grab it at the other side i would think it would be better design to put elast all the way around so the tire would be complet cover without have to awkward strap it down"
"these fit perfect on my tire but the strap that go around to hold them in place were not easi to connect i had to climb under the 5th wheel to connect the buckl normal thi would not be problem except i park the rv in gravel lot just be awar of how they secur on the back side"
"return thi fit wa okay but with on flimsi magnet to hold it in place there wa no way it wa go to stay put in 5060 mph wind i wasnt will to risk it"
"i realli want thi to work it exact what i want the massiv tip on the end and the side spring design caus it to popout of my lighter socketi like the idea of the cover and it feel well builtdescript should have said someth about requir socket depthi suppo it will work in deeper socket just not mine bummer"
"i tri it out in my car with voltag meter and it would not work i check to see if i had fulli mate to make sure i had power fortun for me i touch my meter and it wa veri warm to the touch i unplug it and let it cool off i remov the adapt and plug my meter direct into the lighter fortun my meter still work i thought the adapt had short my meter the green light on the adapt show it wa get power from my car batteri but there must be an intern short which heat up my volt meter i guess you get what you paid for"
"walmart sell it for 1499 amazon need to drop the price to at least 1499editdo what it say it doe and doe it well 5 star for the product itselfthank to amazon for adjust the price to market condit 5 star for the price also"
"i order base on product name not size next time ill order by size well made but the connect is littk weird"
"ive got suburban furnac model nt16 if curiou and while these do fit the diamet of the open and the spring hold them on with the suburban design there is big open gap at the bottom underneath the bottom screen it the way the outsid plate is mold it rai most of the way around except from about 5 oclock to 7 oclock there the screen bridg over the open gap and defeat the purpo ani bug that want in could get in grant it would stop mouseyoud be better off if you have thi design get rectangular one that cover the whole plate that what ill tri nextstil give it 2 star becaus im sure theyd work fine on differ model but they should say what model these fit"
"the issu i had with these glove is they are so thin that just the rough handl of the fit can tear through them there are better glove out there which are probabl more expen so i suppo you get what you pay foron thing i found funni the packag also doubl as case and they give you doublesid tape so you can mount it on wall etcbut to use it you have to break open the 34slot34 which turn the packag into dispen remov the glove the glove are seal in anoth piec of plastic and remov the doublesid tape which is also insid but the glove bundl is physic larger than the slot so you end up have hard time remov the glove as well as reinsert them after remov the inner glove packag"
"i travel all summer i am dump tank few time week i need dispo glove to keep my hand from get dirti with wast so i can toss them and get in the truck to drive off to my next stopth i would not consid noth more than cheap thin plastic glove baggi sandwich bag would work as good and fit as good mayb even work better as baggi dont rip as easi as these save your money and the frustrationthey dont fit they rip so easi and usual fall of half way through and are rip so i end up have to wash up in the end like i never use ani glove at all i would buy good latex glove that fit snug and wont rip so easili"
"purcha these glove to use when dump my tank on my rv i wa not veri satifiedi with thi product the problem that i had wa that befor you could get them on you hand the glove would come apart and either they would rip at the finger hole or just come apart put them on they are veri thin to use and i believ one size fit all when i did use them i end up use sever glove just to get the tank emptiedi end up buy box of rubber glove to use that were 100 better then these veri thin glove sorri i would not recommend thi product for dump your tank"
"too light flimsi and just about useless great for new rvcamper owner that are afraid theyll get their hand dirti while dump their rvcamper tank they dont fit well slide around on your hand"
"to thin rip befor the job wa done i toss them and got heavier glove dont wast your money"
"had some fog and discolor on the top edg of my headlight on my 08 civic tri out thi kit becaus it wa cheaper than have pro do it now i wish i had just paid the extra to begin with i meticul follow the direct and went through everi step of the process and my end result wa wor than where i start instead of some fog at the top of the light i now have swirl mark and hazi look over the entir light when look on an angl the light appear total white and even from distanc dont have that new look shine that they had even when they were fog i would not recommend thi unless you like cheap look fix also i scratch my fender becaus one of the pad velcro tore loo while i wa sand not 100 the kit fault but still veri infuriatingeditaft cur myself for hour i decid i had to fix thi i got out multipl polish and product that i know are from reput companymeguiar with these i polish over the headlight mani time and made them look as thi kit should have done the result were great and can be seen in side by side comparison in the photo i ad i still do not recommend thi kit at all becaus it is far from complet and for the non car enthusiast that is the differ form good outcom and horribl disappoint also if you do ani type of restor on headlight you remov ani remain clear coat on the light so they may reyellow or fog quick to prevent thi it is good idea to seal them with someth like optilen or opticoat they are expen but work extrem well"
"heavi grade plastic i just dont like how they look on my jeep took them out and took the loss live and learn"
"cheap and thin fit ok but wa worri it would either rip in the wind or blow off the spare so i return it painless return process from amazon 5 star for that anyway"
"i bought some of thi at my local harbor freight anddid not have good result i want to remov some rust from and repaint my skid plate for the suv after read the direct i sand down the worst spot cover the part in paper towel soak in the evaporust and cover the paper towel with saran wrap to prevent evapor after leav it sit for 12 hour the maximum recommend period of time there wa no differ the part were still as rusti as everif you have larg part that need rust remov i recommend naval jelli first and foremost it is thick gel that you paint on and it eat away the rust within 1520 minut handl with extrem care becaus it is high corro but you will get the result your after in pinch the napa brand is almost as good and readili avail"
"feel like i am be choke to death but doe keep my neck warm similar materi but scarf like would be better"
"product clip are veri flimsi i would not trust thi net on my car dure highway drive as soon as i put it on my rooftop carrier the two oppo corner came apart on close inspect i realiz the corner were simpli tie togeth just as you would tie your shoe veri danger and sloppi workmanship i wa veri fortun the item came apart dure instal and not on the road if you zoom in close on the product pix youll notic the two corner tie togeth those are the 2 failur point note the net wa not stress nor overstretch dure instal in order to caus thi type of failur be safe on the road stay away from thi item"
"some peopl bought it becaus the design posit the light to the side and make drive easier sinc the light wont block your view while drive and that veri true it work and that the reason whi i bought it the problem i had and the reason i return it and gave it two star is 1 it came with it own screw which wa plu but screw start to rust and at that time we just hit fall no snow yet 2 the design made it so hard to adjust the light i have the rig indust d2 light and it wa hard to get the light to go bit higher it stay down light most of my hood which wa veri annoy and distract 3 it came with two 4 piec of doubl side sticker 2 for each side to protect the surfac of the paint they were so thin i decid to go to the hardwar store and buy 3m doubl side sticker my mistak wa use the sticker that came with the bracket and the one i bought i found out about thi after i took them off is the 2piec that came with the bracket didnt protect my paint and saw lot of scratch but the other one i bought from the store held up pretti goodi end up buy rug ridg 1102703 black windshield hing light bracket and it much much better choic and sinc my light arent as huge as some i dont have ani problem with my light stick up lil"
"i have bike rack step hitch and trailer hitch attach and none of them fit as poor as thi im use curt hitch receiv btw it is good 14 off on the side i would never drive around with thi thing clang away at the hitch and possibl bend the pin and damag the hitch receiv thi is strict vehicl toolbox attach to on be instal when you get stuck it shame becaus the qualiti otherwi seem top notch"
"pull my jeep out of puddl with moder tug and it ha begun to fray after one use look like it will be around for littl longer but i didnt expect that to happen"
"lot of mix review on thi one but i thought i would give it trythi product will not fit ani 34d34 cell mag lite the strap that loop over the head of the flashlight is way too short and can not be modifi i didnt want to go buy 34c34 cell maglit so back it goe"
"i have purcha thi gaug from anoth catalog compani sever year ago and wa veri plea with the qualiti and perform and featur of thi type of gaug unfortun thi gaug purcha on amazon is terribl i dont know if thi is knockoff or if thi compani is allow other manufactur to manufactur under licen but the one i got is terribl the lock chuck on my previou purcha would clip on and stay lock on tight to my tire valv the one here do not stay lock on the second i let go of push it on the valv the pressur drop to zero i contact the manufacturef on the packag gh meiser and they were so kind as to send me replac chuck but these were on margin better but when i tri inflat my tire thru thi gaug the gaug read would swing all the way past 100 as the compressor wa pump air thi is not the way my previou year purcha behav if the recommend pressur wa 35 my old accugaug would read around 40ish as the compressor wa runningnot swing wild to 100 as thi one doe i wont buy thi gaug thru amazon anymor as previou accugag i bought coupl of week earlier wa also return for nonlock chuck"
"thi is on fair the clip mechan doe not hold well to valv stem and must be frequent readjust"
"i had thi gaug for about year and wa veri plea with the accuraci and handi but the first time i drop it it wa finish i took it apart and found the littl ball had broken off the stem that provid the seal in the gaug it look like it had been glu onbefor i drop it it work great so much for the rubber armor on the gaug"
"lose accuraci after ride in the saddl bag for while i fill up tire with portabl compressor with digit gaug that shut off at design psi doubl check with thi ez air gaug and had to let like 10 pound outi think to myself thi isnt right so doubl check pressur with pen gaug from the car and sure enough tire is 10 pound light either my portabl compressor and pen gaug are lie ident or thi gaug ha lost it accuracyi will know for sure how much it off onc i get the chanc to swing it by tire shopal of thi may seem minor but on motorcycl 10 pound can becom huge safeti concern gaug that is more than 34 pound off will go in the trash my safeti is worth more than the 510 buck i save on bargain gaug"
"it work pretti well for light use after i cut off the cigarett lighter power plug and replac it with a10 gaug 2 pin quick disconnect har into which i can plug set ofbatteri tender 08100694 allig clip with black 2pin quick disconnect plugor plug direct into abatteri tender 08100696 ring termin har with black fuse 2pin quick disconnect plugattach to my motorcycl batteri it work pretti well now with direct connect to the batteri especi if the carmotorcycl engin is runningwith that modif thi littl pump is fine for bicycl and motorcycl tire and for top off slight low car tire but i wouldnt want to use it to fulli inflat fullsiz car or truck tire from begin to end the littl pump get pretti hot after coupl of minutesth gaug on mine is fair accur close enough to be consid reliablebefor i modifi the power connector it continu blew fuse and after put in stronger fuse the connect got exceeding hot after on few minut of use my new connect dont get hot at all"
"8 x 4 x 11 dont make my mistak thi thing is tini check the dimen at near 13 you would think it would be of some size wrong again my fault for not read should be adverti and bathroom trash can there is no way thi is worth 13 buck"
"these seem like nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the door and ceil skylight by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the window boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the window and skylight but it pull off the shini chrome window cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the windowfram if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy some customfit window shade instead your local homeimprov store can help give you option and cut them to size"
"the velcro that is sent with it is not veri goodon hot day in the rv they fall off and they tear easi"
"it is too small for my standard size rv door which make me wonder what sort of veri thin door it is made for"
"thi item is veri cheapli made and the velcro that it come with doe not stay stuck as soon as the velcro heat up is fall off of the rv window i had to go but industri strength velcro to attach it with and it seem to work pretti good just be care when remov them from your window becaus they will tear veri easili also if you are look for someth to keep the light out thi is not the product it will filter some of the light out but if i had to guess i would say that it on filter about fifti percent of it out oh well lesson learn i would not recommend thi product unless you are will to go buy some industri strength velcro disappoint in thi product you get what you pay for and it is not made in the usa therefor you judg the qualiti of itupd i gave in and bought some industri strength velcro it is black velcro and took the velcro off that came with them and appli the industri strength velcro they stay in place now and the do help to keep the sun out they do not darken the room to blackout but they do help happi now that i solv the problem of them stay put in place"
"wa hope they would fit into my bmw e46 and save me 40 but they were 134 too short on the driver side long one they were almost therewhi wont anyon make refil that fit my bmw youd sell boat load"
"the problem with thi wash mop is that the head fall off the handl quit easili if you tri to shake it off to get some rin water out the whole head pop right off obvious thi is veri annoy and thi problem occur from day 1 it is not that the thing wa abus over time"
"thi thing will break within 5 minut of your first use the plastic which hold the head on is incr thin and unabl to move without the wash head fli off"
"went to screw on the pump to quart of oil and cheap plastic lid broke right off after fabric anoth lid found that thi will work good for top off the transmiss fluid but not for fluid chang as it took 15 minut for about 6 ounc of fluid to transfer use the old fashion tube and upsid down bottl instead"
"put thi in my 04 jeep tj nv3550 and like other review on here it seem to work great in there not sure what fluid wa in it befor and i didnt notic massiv improv or anyth but shift smooth and no issu so far good price too recommend the nv3550 take exact two bottlesupd it ha been cold the past few day 10c and my jeep is extrem hard to get into gear for the first 5km or so wasnt do thi befor the fluid chang it seem to work fine abov 0 though just an fyi for anyon live in colder climat"
"thi neg one star review is due to amazon problem with their matrix for what part fit particular vehicl i would rate mann oil filter at five star i need an oil filter mann for 2006 bmw 325 ci convert amazon fit guid steer me toward the mann hu 816 long stori short the hu 816 doe not fit my vehicl i need mann hu925 i had to go to differ web site for fit and verif i still order the correct filter via amazon becaus amazon ha the best price one star to amazon vehicl fit guid and five star for the mann filter"
"thi thing didnt fit into my 2006 honda civic it suppo to but the frame wa not trim correct the build qualiti is poor"
"it did not fit and i return it i order fram and it fit right in plu fram had rebat"
"whi not just keep your tool and other rustpron item in dri place thi is great idea if youv got thing you absolut cant keep out of rustpron locat but at the same time you have to replac these littl unit everi three month and the area they cover is minim these littl inhibitor start to add upfast great concept but it should realli last longer especi for the price"
"first off i could not see ani benefit use thi product in my toolbox it 30day product so what the point i suggest prime and paint ani metal item to prevent rust"
"i expect to be abl to just put thi product in toolbox gun case boat etc and forget about it but to my surpri it on last 90 day im not sure i fulli understand thi if the product vapor corro protect on the content of the toolbox then whi doe it have to be replac the on reason i can think of is that if the tool are use then the protect is lost there are tool box drawer liner that do not have time limit that would be signific cheaper in the long run and it is on good for 2 cubic feet of space it say that thi is the size of an averag tool box most of mine are quit bit bigger than that wipe tool down with an oili rag would also be lot cheaper if thi product last for year it might be worthwhil but there are so mani other cheaper way to protect tool and equip from rust and corro but if you have an enclosur or equip that cannot be protect ani other way then thi product might be worthwhil if you can rememb to replac it and have access to it"
"mine ha never been use and paint chip off can be real tight fit too can make it work still but the foam gasket ha to compress way too far"
"i order thi befor measur big mistak the distanc from the plate to the hole and thi wont fit mani applic correct with the pin in the hole the plate stick out way too far from the receiv over an inch and then rattl i just threw it away as it too cost to send back drill new hole would be difficult and then rust problem bottom line measur your receiv applic and then ask them if thi unit will fit correct befor buy their spec should indic the distanc from the plate back to the center of the hole"
"thia say 500lb capac mayb right over the main support but otherwi you should balanc your load well and i will use strap to help support the outboard corner i kept it becaus it is use thing but not for heavi item"
"the glove look great look like qualiti built but after use 5 time foam pad from the insid start to come out let see how long it will lastupd 9172013develop hole on one of the finger with on about month and half of use mayb about 1015 ride i still like the fit and feel"
"not sure whi these guard are get such rave review sure they look cool but the weld on the two vertic bar which are weak in and of themselv are absolut terribl if even twig get hungup in those thing the weld will like snap you might just snap them tri to get the thing over your light if your in thi for the look go for it if you want protect for your light go elsewh"
"thi item that i order twice in two differ size alway said it would fit my 2013 jeep wrangler sport unlimit never fit say easi to instal but it doe not go over the light cover realli want thi to work the second time chanc the descript and say doesnt fit 2013 jeep"
"the bristl on thi brush are long but too space out to be effect on multispok wheel if you have larg flat wheel thi will probabl work ok but it doe horribl job of actual clean anyth complet i use second bucket for my wheel and just end up use differ wash mitt it take easili 34x as long to clean wheel with thi brush complet as it doe to simpli use mitt save your money and just buy second bucket and cheap wash mitt and call it day the on reason i didnt return it is becaus it handi for wash my suspen and wheel well but it worthless wheel brush"
"great brush but it wont last veri long show signif wear and tear after few use on my suv wheel some of the polyest bristl is fall out alreadi will not buy again"
"over there is noth wrong with thi brush but it just doesnt seem to clean i have 2012 for explor and thi brush just doesnt seem to do anyth between the spoke"
"i have reason amount of experi do car detail and i can say thi brush realli is not suitabl for carpet i wa surpri as thi brush ha mani posit review these peopl have to be tear up their carpet and upholsteri with thi thingth bristl are stiff stiffer than most tire brush i sure as heck wouldnt use thi thing on the carpet in my car it would destroy them i would be even less inclin to use thi on my upholsteri it would tear right through it for under six dollar im sure i will find some use for it perhap brush out the wheel well that is about how thick and stiff the bristl are i suppo if you had rubber car mat it would work well for those but those usual dont need much in the way of brush to get cleanal in all save your six dollar and go to the hardwar store and get brush with bristl that arent as stiff you should be let your carpet cleaner do most of the work not your bristl"
"bristl are way too stiff i use thi brush onc on my cloth seat vw gti to remov small quarter stain it left perman damag to the surfac of the seat and i didnt even use much pressur clean should be 80 chemic and 20 brush you do not need brush thi stiff unless your mayb clean woodmet"
"it bit flimsi the wire that loop around are thin and will bend easi the fuzzi part is also thin lowcount bristl and doesnt realli seem to dig in and clean good handl though"
"not everyth promi easili bend and loss bristl not long enough not over happi with the product and would get longer or bigger brush"
"not realli worth have as the brush is smaller than the head make it hard to get it in the hard to reach spotsth brush is not veri sturdi so doesnt last veri long"
"i dont understand whi but the two brush i got were terribl i use them to wash the small crevass on my motorcycl the problem wa the fact that the brush wouldnt go back to their straight posit as i would move them back and forth the brush would just follow it remind me of sever bad tooth brush"
"after one trip the pin is coat in rust the cotter pin wa also extrem difficult oper tini bit more flexibl would make it easier to use and wouldnt compromi ani safetyth fact that thi is cover in rust would prevent me from buy"
"i own 3 differ absorb and have use 5 in my lifetim but thi one is differ it ha all the mark of an absorb but it definit ha differ textur and doe not work as well thi product i wouldnt even call it an absorb ha real hard time soak up water unlik my other absorb and i believ it to be clone"
"i wouldnt buy again doesnt last take the time and do good hand wax applic might be handi for quik dust thatsd about it dont use on interior as it eat away the letter on handl etc"
"the fan is low power the blade are super small so it doesnt push much air there are no feet as pictur there is not switch on front as pictur it all on the which is less conveni for our use and the handl is grey not white and ha no hook on it the power cord 12 volt is like 9 inch long who on earth would put it 9 inch in front of their dash we bought it to replac recharg fan that final die it wa by ozcool and expen sinc that fan recharg fail in the 1st 6 month we opt for standard battery12 volt fan but the ozcool also had larg blade hook and super long 12 volt cord we need thi for the back window in the truck the one that slide open to give air to the dog fit in perfect while it work i wouldnt by thi under power misadverti item again also it ha no ac power option just 12 volt and batteri d"
"for the size of thi dc fan you would think it would turn out better air flow cfmsbut it is weak at besti bought an 02cool from amazon coupl of week ago that impress me more due to it small size at under 800 that doe not requir 8d batteri on two and what with have to leav your key in the ignit i regressalso the product you will receiv look differ than the one pictur see my 3 jpgsi would pass on thi one"
"it work as it say hook it up on the bike for long distanc 12v connect on travel and head phone"
"i order thi core remov and got cheap piec of junk the one sent wa silver and did not even have the non slip end on iti notifi amazon on thi item"
"thi is not what i order or even close doe not look the same in color shape or size buyer bewar"
"veri cheapli made if you use your tailgat alot i would not recommend it doe the job but dont think it would hold up if use all the time"
"like other review i found that thi blade on wipe the lower half of the rear window unfortun i no longer have the old wiper to reus some of the partsth wiper itself is plastic and cannot be bent i found out the hard way and broke one of the two wiper that i order it appear that portion of the plastic snapin adapt is in the way and the blade cannot curv enough to touch the window along it entir length"
"bought thi for my subaru forest the check said it would fit it didnt wont wast my time send back poor purcha"
"the crampbust doe not work as adverti for me i need to keep adjust it upward i tri piec of 200 grit sandpap and rough up the insid of the crampbust it did not work ani better and i think i wast my money on thi one"
"doe not work with late model dodg canbu autolight the styrofoam packag insid the case wa damag upon arriv but the part themselv were not visibl damag"
"receiv open box look like everyth thrown in the box neither light work so all these good review tri again"
"i bought thi unit as sale from amazon wareh i had kensun hid instal in my van is real good work order but when i instal thi kit i found the light bulb connector cannot well connect each other i check everi of the part is work ok it cant tell are there 9006 had differ in socket size i hope the seller can specifi or check their spec befor they list the the hid for sale at last i sent my problem to amazon custom servic they issu return label immedi for me to return kit their servic is real high effici and prompt to solv out my concern im sure amazon provid good care of the custom"
"instal on 2013 elantra gt hatchback with oem projectorsfirst thing first you will need the signal cancelersso the light in the first deliveri werent work at all so i got replac from amazon and they work fine for bit befor they began to flicker custom servic sent me relay har for free in exchang for good review even with the relay har i had problem with random onoff timesi must say that the cabl although well built the connector are cheap i had to modifi one becaus the pin split after while i just gave up tri sent them back and got anoth brand i dont believ in 3rd time charmid say for the price give it tri and see how it work for you but spend bit more and get someth more solid with better connector wont hurt"
"the mechan devic that control the bixenon light did not work or at least did not work with my truck the light would immeadi shift in when the headlight would turn on the rest posit is outward and then would stick in place when the highbeam were trigger one would occas push out slight other than the fact the bixenon part did not work they look great for great price i like have highbeam though so i sent them back"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give 34link error34 ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same 34link error34 the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that 34i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on it34when i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said 34all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is 19962012 car with an obdii connector it works34 i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state 34a long as you buy it from us we support it34 again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to 2001 hondaacura"
"it seem to be ok but the construct of it seem to be cheap but i dont work on car for live backyard mechan"
"work on my 2001 honda civicdo not work with 2010 honda crv link error it so incompat that when the scanner start to scan that the slip warn light would come on freak me out but after i turn the ignit key off and back on the light would go awayi might keep it around just for the civic and as loaneri know thi thing is cheap but if i wa to do it all over i would save the money and buy better uniti wish there would be spreadsheet where peopl can enter type of car would work or wouldnt work on thi unitupd 081313well i final call the tech support and see if anyth could be done to the link error issu that im have with my crv trick or updatesappar thi model ms300 ha been discontinu sinc 2007 the support person cant even find the support document on hi side sinc the support person wa nice guy i didnt want to give him too much hard time so i ask hi opinion on better model from autel"
"it wouldnt work for me which could of been defect scanner the price wa good but i wa unabl to reset the ecu to extinguish the check engin light"
"if it were possibl i would give 0 star purcha thi unit to scan 2001 jaguar unit appar froze up the transmiss shift threw 2 code previous unknown check at autozon previou day code p1797 p1642 contact seller who immedi respond veri apologet i had told seller that the unit wa set up for sept 2008 andt hat prior post state bewar of prior to 2011 edit also advi the sn wa ms50245 note that sn seller then inquir strang how i found out the date of the set upcod and the sn ask if possibl would i send pictur show detail dahhh it on the first screen line 6 though on show brieflysel offer 20 discount if i kept unit i declin offer went on autel uk websit no list for model ms509 their current model are in 780 rang howev they do have big notat for disclaim referenc china copiesthen check out autel web site chinacardiagcom in the 5 review list one wa from gentleman in brunei who report problem with thi same unit sn 50245 hmmm how did it get from brunei to texa must be that all china clone have same sn there is no softwar to updat you cannot download instruct to get print out the cd suppli is on copi of the oper booki wa veri concern about the effect unit ha had on my vehicl sinc it left the vehiclein restrict perform mode took it to autozon for code check today and read the code but the good news is the restrict perform code is gone return scanner to amazon today i can say is you might be take big risk in use thi unitposit not receiv on time by fed ex commun from seller good"
"i normal do not like give one star rate but thi item deserv it for the follow reasonsupon receipt item did not have batteri even though the box clear state it contain ninevolt meter wa not in ani sort of wrapbag etc cabl look to have been reseal in the plastic bag the softwar would not recogn the unit when hook up though to usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 9112008 version 203 obvious thi is an older stock use unit refurbish and sent to mei had centech i had taken back due to display problem to harbor freight that is the ident same thing as thi scanner it came in small bubbl bag the lead look new and seal in the bag it had new ninevolt the softwar recogn it when hook to the usb the burn date for the softwar on thi scanner is 72512 version 213 thi scanner function fine it just had display problem therefor the take backold softwar scanner that appear use repackag softwar not recogn it and no batteri thi experi ha cost me extra ship cost and wast my time tri to figur out just what piec of junk they sent mesinc i have had the experi of have one of these that did function i do know the differencei would clear avoid thi seller not reput"
"i use thi product about an hour ago the foam is much to soft and will not reach the area it should it doe not polish well at all grab your rag polish tin foil and can of elbow grea do it by hand and you will be lot happier"
"tri wheel polish befor mother powerb cotton buffer wheel mequir wheel restor kit and wa left all but appal with thi product went to appli pressur to buff some oxid out on to find out that plastic rod is what hold the cone togeth i wa on abl to complet one wheel befor the product wa in three piec on the asphalt i do not recommend thi product"
"i bought thi caus it wa cheap and had good review but it ok at best i am ocd about wash my car the best spray wax is nxt howev couldnt find so gave thi shotnxt is actual milki in color and textur leav slipperi surfac behind thi stuff is clear and just scent water doesnt not leav slipperi surfac behind no real shineif you want good wax or spray wax look at meguiar nxt gener"
"i tri to get thi thing to work but could not the led light would never come on i follow the direct exact as state for my specif vehicl from the xpresskit web site but no go it just did not work so i sent it back to amazon"
"be veri care what model you choo thi for it said it wa compat with my car through amazon but the mechan found out it wa for most 2005 model but not all of them had to return it and wait for flcan to arriv in the mail my recommend is to simpli plan ahead and buy the flcan bit more money but lot less hassl"
"thi is an idea whose time ha not arriv perhap if one ha teeni tini vehicl then thi may work out first of all you have to purcha microfib towel per the instruct be sure to get lot of them you are instruct to do one panel at time spray wipe and buff supposed you will save 80 120 gallon of water and elimin toxic runoff appar refer to the soapi water i have never use anywh near that much water to wash my car with eco touch i am left with whole slew of microfib towel that would end up in landfil becaus i dont know how to recycl dirti towelsi believ that eco touch ha problem with truth in adverti i can see use thi for minor clean such deposit left by bird or an insect meet it demi on my vehicl but to wash the entir car is best done with bucket hose spong and chamoi cloth or take it to car wash"
"i want smaller diamet nut than what i have now but these are realli small i did not instal these on my rim i just didnt feel confid that these would keep my wheel on my car they probabl weigh about 12 of what i have on my rim now too much troubl to send them back ill keep them and show them to my mechan and get hi input on them for now i feel safer with what ive had on them for coupl year now"
"see updat below origin 4 star revieworigin unless you are take your vehicl to the track and have need to spend 60100 for set of fanci lock lug nut these will suffic i have use these on sever vehicl without hitch and they are great buy for the money on reason for rate 4 star is that there is alway littl play in use the lug adapt which make torqu the lug littl bit more painupd the last set of these i receiv had dud lugnut in the batch that is that the thread wa either of differ pitch or not thread proper fortun i caught it befor attempt to forc thread the nut on possibl ruin the stud as well when one lug would not rotat by hand onto the stud i tri it on sever other without avail instead of risk the strip of stud i attempt to thread it on my spare wheel carrier suspect that the thread may have just had bur on it where it requir i would estim in excess of 30lbft to rotat ani bit past 13 turn i am unsur if the qualiti control ha just gone down hill or whether thi wa an anomali but thi could mean bad news for someon who is less experienc with vehicl mainten or use improp procedur such as instal with an impact wrench"
"i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it may work better on older paint but i doubt it doe not even remov swirl i wa veri attent and appli for long time no differ at all doe nothingi do not recommend thi one"
"i bought thi product in remov fine surfac scratch from my black 2007 chevi cobalt the paint is still in great condit and on ha some minor surfac scratch from automat carwashesth first time i use meguiar ultim compound i use an orbit buffer the instruct are quit vagu and more or less state that all you have to do is rub the compound in circular motion in small area then buff away so i figur if that wa all you realli had to do an orbit buffer would be more than enoughwrongwhil ultim compound is excel at remov water spot and even dead bug and tar it is horribl at remov swirl mark and fine scratch i can use simpl wax and get the same result as with thi ultim compoundth second time around i decid to tri the product on my victori red 2001 chevi blazer year of automat car wash have realli taken their toll on the paint but not so much that it had lost all of it shine instead of the buffer i use 100 cotton terrycloth and some good ol elbow grea unfortun i got the same result as beforei can get the same result that thi product offer by use turtl wax ice and in fraction of the timedo i recommend thi product nowil i buy thi product again probabl not"
"it wa on effect with super fine scratch with normal fine scratch the product wont make them disappear i tri to scrub fine scratch for hour but they were still there super fine scratch disappear anyway the product wont harm the clear coat so shini paint coat wa stay"
"i tri to wipe it off as in the instruct and the surfac wa cool it left larg black circl on hood didnt go away with regular wash went away with waterless foamtek on"
"regard the actual product for me i still need to find someth with bit more abrasivecoar in compound for my specif paint correct on black twostag paint also i wasnt awar until i actual use and test an area when i workedin the product meguiar m105 mirrorglaz pro ultracut compound with my da pc polish that it actual 34seemed34 to polish to shine w continu use i use an orang 2 hexlog foam cut pad which at first seem odd but it may be becaus my speed wa set at 6 in ani case the product didnt do what i expect for my need so i stop and determin i need compound with bit more abra and cutand although it seem to remov 75 of my problem of the fine swirl mark in my clearcoat it still left hint of veri finelight scratch and swirl mark 34still34 emb on the topcoatnow regard deliveryi wa left 34hangin in the wind34 i wa serious wonder whi thi 1 specif amazon item that wa part of total of 6 other amazon item and order at the same time wa ship seper but 2 day ahead 34but34 then on to arriv at my mailbox two day later then the rest of the other item what wa that about the problem isthi left me with the deliveri of the other item 534 velcro back plate the 8pc chemguy foam hexpad meguiar m205 polish misc microfib towel and pair of shoe bday present for nephewbut couldnt actual use ani of those 34task specific34 item until i receiv thi item the meguiar m105 hench for my reason disregard and leav the 34unchecked34 option to 34not34 ship each item as it becam avail"
"i instal thi on my jeep xj instal wa straightforward it made my stock headlight quit bit brighter unfortun right after the first 30 minut drive i wa stand in my driveway admir how nice and bright the headlight were when poof the low beam just shut off by themselv never to return i turn on the high beam and they still work for about minut and then they shut off too it the relay pure junk good thing i wa not out on the highway to say im disappoint in thi product is big understat on use it if you have complet separ set of drive light that you can switch on when these random shut off your light thi is real safeti issu"
"the idea of thi is fantast the direct are veri plain and not the well laid out the first step of instal is confus mayb thi is not the right model for my truck but per amazon 34check if it fits34 it is suppo to work i cannot get it to tighten right or even start the instal proper i went to youtub to find video i watch and then tri the instal again still it wont work i plan on call them tomorrow to talk to custom servic we will see how that goe if they assist me with instal i will comeback and updat my review"
"i bought thi towel while look for cheaper altern to my cobra and chemic guy dri towel the search goe on i have wash thi towel countless time and it still leav blue fiber all over my car it also isnt all that absorb"
"i actual order these after read review by woman who said she use them to wash the makeup off her face i thought these would hold up well and like the oval contour shape for thi sort of use i also thought these were well price for packag of 6when they arriv howev they were not the oval one shown in the pictur and they did not come in packag of 6 for thi reason i did not give them more than 2 star though i do think they are nice thick qualiti terri cover pad they are not what as shown in the ad pictur and i wa veri disappoint to find on 4 in the packag"
"after consid wait of sever week i receiv my scan tool i read the instruct veri brief check for updat none avail and tri the tool on my 2008 4runnerth tool gave me green emiss control system light no activ code and cryptic secur system dtc that it could not clear i unplug the tool and start the car no cel everyth seem fine untili took it for drive he next morn and after about 5 minut the cel and the vsc malfunct light illumin after return home i hook up the scan tool and it had log 20 malfunct code first time in 5 year thi vehicl had thrown codei attempt to reset the code the scanner said they were era and when i rescan the code return after sever attempt i disconnect the tool and drove the car the cel wa off but i notic that sever dealer set secur system headlight seatbelt warn had all been remov and need to be reset i check the scan tool one last time and the 20 code remain along with yellow emiss statu indicatorwel for 200 buck thi wa total bust did more harm than good and went back to the seller"
"im not sure whi everi type of code reader is come down in price but offer softwar to load on your laptop to store compar print and submit to group of mechan to analyz your datath reason i gave it three start and thought about two is the fact that thi code reader is connect to your car master comput but util the internet to download updat etc yet instead of use an open system oper system or creat mac version which if there wa mac os x version mechan wouldnt have to lug around laptop but could use an ipadplu i have use window and window server for 26 year and paid quarter subscript for norton symantec etc and still trojan hor would infect the server everi dealership ha window server with wifi so they can connect easili to the site to upload or download data or updat softwar whi would these idiot at innova pay the cost of use window oper system when they could jump to open system code or produc mac app becaus im convinc these compani dont have clue about comput they are mechan who know how to use laptop big mistak and i cant wait until these car that are more and more depend on comput to do everyth but drive the car and monitor everyth to upload viru to vehicl they will be use their laptop have subscript to the over price softwar and it just matter of time six month window is junk and i refus to own one i creat virtual window machin on my hard drive complet isol from everyth el but eventu the peopl who keep award thi compani five star realli need to move out of their monkey suit and realiz late model car is noth but big comput when somebodi die becaus the master comput is infect innova wont be around anymor"
"i have to unti the hook from the net everi singl time that i remov it from the seat it is not rigid like other brand"
"the hook are made of steel wire with plastic tube over the wire each hook is suppo to have rubberlik cap over the end the cap are there to prevent the bare metal end from scratch your motorcycl or bicycl i saw at least one other review where the purcha superglu these tip on after lose one i order 2 and both arriv with at least one tip alreadi missingth were also more long loo end flail about than seem necessari sure i could have cut those shorter and melt the end to prevent fray but i should not have tomin also smell pretti bad but i assum that would dissip pretti quicklyth qualiti is just not veri good"
"thi unit wa dead on arriv i tri both the lighter and batteri connect with the car run no power of ani kind i read through the manual look for clue check all connect and tri everyth i know mayb it wa just the one that got through inspect while everyon wa asleep i cant even recommend if it would power the usb connect think ill tri local store the amazon return polici wa great howev"
"as soon as i plug it in i heard pop no output i guess tri anoth invert and probabl anoth cobra"
"i wa excit to receiv my jetseal 109 i wait until the time wa right and wash my truck start appli the jetseal 109 and found that it wa harder to appli than the old timey past wax got the hood windshield front bumper and mirror done and call it day i dont know if ill get the ambit need to do the rest of my truck or not glad i didnt get the gallon on got pint doesnt go veri far either later"
"thi is an okay product but it doe leav white mark if you miss spot take it offit should cost less for what it is and that size bottl you get given that you can get virtual the same protect use good qualiti synthet wax sealant in 2 coat such asmeguiar nxt gener tech wax 20 18ounc liquid for lot less money the meguiar wax is lot easier to take off and doe not leav white spec when it dri"
"yeah it say it but dont tri to tint anyth on your car or you will get pull over trust me"
"after clean all the wheel i appli thi to the front wheel of my 2012 audi s4 i did not appli to the other front wheel i drove the car for week and observ the result both front wheel had the same amount of break dust on them i then wash both front wheel with the same clean product both requir the same level of effort to remov the bake on break dust i see no valu to thi product"
"did not make it look like paint wa wet i personali use magual i like the wet look from that"
"thi wax seem to shine my black car quit nice it goe on easi and also veri easi to take off with no powder or anythingit howev doe not seem to last veri long so im realli not sure it worth doubl the cost of meguiar or mother waxi also dont like how chemic guy ha so mani differ wax they must have like 1015 differ wax it get confus to know what to buyi regret thi purcha"
"i order thi product after be blown away by it perform on the chemic guy youtub channel and the great review on amazon i have use silk shine along side one of chemic guy dizzi amount of clean product and exact as instruct both on the bottl and in the video and i have on achiev mediocr result at best i realli want to like chemic guy and i have some more of their product on the way to hope yield better result but im somewhat worri that their confusing larg product select an indic that result may vari"
"doe not work as adverti follow the instruct but wa not abl to get the headlight len on my 2009 rv"
"i read the direct fulli befor start the work follow them complet and i end up with scratch len after use the sandpap i use plenti of liquid as well in case anyon think i put dri sand paper to dri len i would definit not recommend use thi product"
"i use thi product on our motorhom head light the plastic lene had small scrath and mild haze on the left len thi is an over price kit for what it wa supo to due the sand pad are so small and they did not make through the first len the sealer is on small pad and their is not enough sealer on the pad to cover both of the lene so save your self some money and purchasean individu bottl of len cleaner bottl of len sealer along with some 1000 and 1500 grit wet sand paper thi way youll have enough product to due your len for sever year"
"oki got itit doe notwork my wife 2005 chrysler had the same problem as all carsth headlight clear len wa foggi and oxid i use thi product as per instruct and it did not remov the scratch and the headlight do not look ani bettersav your money and go to mcdonald i dont know who wrote the good review but i can tell youit doe not clear up the len as they claim the headlight do not look new again and i realli cant tell ani differencedont believ metri it and you will ask for your money back just like i did"
"i follow the instruct word by word i took about an hour on each headlight use each scuff pad and lubric them well after i wa finish i could tell differ the headlight look good but not great look back i dont think it wa worth my timeeffort it may work better for your vehicl it is not too expen so i guess it is worth tri i have heard from numer peopl that the mother headlight len restor kit work well mayb ill give that tri oh and ye i did use the sealant wipe to hope protect my hardwork which sad fail me"
"i am not sure what the problem is but i use toothpast at first and didnt notic lot of differ on my 2009 camri len cover so i bought thi and i dont see ani differ"
"i follow the instruct to the letter and my headlight look the same as they did befor thi product did not work at all for me"
"my headlight werent as bad as some and thi stuff didnt do much to improv them i did the option sandpap step and the on thing it realli did wa remov some of the surfac rough and make them smooth it bare did anyth to make them more clear"
"i got these for my 2door wrangler jki have weathertech in the front but thought id save few buck by get the rug ridg for behind the seat they dont settl in their spot well at all the weather tech fit like glove up front and these thing are nowher near as goodi also got rug ridg for the cargo compart and wasnt veri impress with the placement of the outlin for the cutout hole they werent line up where they should bepay the extra buck for weathertech if you can"
"i put it on the first night and the band rip out of place i had to rig it up to get it to stay in place it bunch in the corner becaus there wa too much materi but it doe it job"
"i didnt expect much from thi cover consid the price but i wa surpri at how cheapli made thi cover is i broke two of the four strap that are use to secur the cover they just pull apart from the cover i do not recommend these cover sinc the fasten mechan are faulti"
"i bought thi for my 2008 jk jeep wrangler after the valv stem on the stock sensor corrod and develop leak discount tire tri to sell me deal to replac the old tpm and stem for 60 now i wish i would of done itthi sensor after instal shut off the tpm light befor i left the tire dealer park lot 34awesome34 i thought problem solvedwel in the week that ha follow the light come on and off intermiten with out ani real rime or reason hot or cold night or day ive had my preasur check numer time and it alway spot on usual it come on after i just start the car and will go out after few minut but yesterday it came on and stay on all the way to work when i left the offic for lunch it wa offi too live in minnesota like anoth review and had concern about the sensor work correct in cold winter if it wont work right in 70 degr summer fall it not go to get ani better worst part is im out the instal fee and what do i do buy anoth one im go to the dealer which i should of done the first time lesson learn"
"well i order few of these to replac some from odd enough meguiar theyr made in china of cour well long stori short great towel but the edg materi came apart at the first use we hadnt even launder these yet just be readi to return em for replac theyr glad to help as they want you to co e back"
"i have to agr with anoth review that thi cloth is almost ident to those you find in walmart it is thin thin thin and not at all worth the price thi is surpri from mother as i use lot of their product and typic their qualiti is excel"
"made mistak it the detail version i want as they are the veri best these are just okget the detail one by mother and use these for petti job and the detail one for real wax"
"great while it last but doesnt last long at all fall apart after coupl month of week use guess i will tri microfib mitt"
"i couldnt even get my finger in i normal wear larg so i order xl and cant even get my finger half way in i have the raider full motorcycl glove and they as well as these are good deal when they fiti just wish they were honest about the size and quit wast buyer time it crap shoot get pair to fit"
"i order an xl pair of these glove howev they bare fit my wife hand and she is all of 5234 and ha small handsth packag and the glove were clear label xl poor qualiti control at the manufactur plant somewh the qualiti of the product itself seem to be adequ but unfortun i could not even tri them on"
"i order these glove becaus it seem like good deal for the price problem is i cant even get them on my hand they are too small and i cant even return them for larger pair say xl or xxl becaus appar they on come in larg so i end up keep them and i still dont have warm pair of glove to use when i want to ride my bike and it is cold they did seem like decent glove but i cant rate them on use or perform sinc i cant get my hand in them"
"leather tear and stitch come out on both glove in the innerf areassend them back for refund would not recommend you purcha them"
"the instruct preclud use thi as chock when hitch or unhitch so what is the point what wast of money"
"while they are what they claim to be you can go to your nearest hardwar store and buy mch longer nail and few washer for lot less money"
"bend too easi went to walmart and bought heavi duti tent stake"
"if you have an electr drill or impact thi will probabl work well for you i have craftsman 20v bolt on drill and impact fit drill chuck no problem and crank down land gear is easi crank it up on the other hand is too much for the drill and the 14 drive on impact wont fit the shaft on the socket no one make an adaptor to fit thi shaft so it wast of money especi if you have 3434 socket in your tool box"
"realli disappoint wast of money for me i have 28 5ver and all thi damn thing did is put lot of stress on my rv tire that it wa on and never got the other tire off the ground do not buy thi product go back to the old reliabl way with jack"
"i order the trailer aid plu which is taller than the standard trailer aid i tri it on my 2007 forest river 5th wheel in the driveway and it would not bring the other wheel off the ground i ad heavi 2 x 6 to the bottom of it and it now just bare lift the wheel enough to chang i dont trust it to be enough in an emerg when i origin use thi it just slid along the concret and the wheel didnt roll on to it i wast my money and it tore itself up enough that i couldnt return it"
"i bought the digit tire pressur gaug for truck that take 80 psi for it tire i found on recent trip that the tire pressur monitor in the tire were provid veri differ read from the accutir pressur gaug differ of 8 psi i found love truck stop where they sold high qualiti tire pressur gaug and it confirm that the tire monitor were accur and that the accutir pressur gaug wa way off with it readingshad i continu to reli on the accutir pressur gaug i would have risk blowout and certain would have had uneven tire wear and in either case the end result would have been expen i recommend that befor trust an accutir pressur gaug that you compar it to anoth qualiti gaug not the one at the ga station and see if they agr the truck stop tire gaug is now in the truck and the accutir pressur gaug is at the local dump"
"good tire gaug is easi to line up at the correct angl to the valv stem you can line it up visual befor you press it on you lose veri littl air while check the pressur if the pressur wa alreadi correct you do not have to add back 12 psi that you lost with the gaugeth nose of good tire gaug is offset at about 45 degr so you can use it without difficulti on bicycl tire or in other special situationsthi michelin mn4357b is none of the abov the offset is 10 degr and hard to visual on thi curvi objet dart the seal is quit sensit to misalign most peopl will have hard time with thi youll get tight seal through trial and error while air leak out of the tire for few second it quit hassl with bike tiresspok interf with your grip of the gaug see picsth beauti formfit zipper case should be immedi thrown away whi becaus it sometim hold the flashlight button down drain the batteri while it be storedi can enter your car target tire pressur front and back and it display below the pressur read use if you on have one car otherwi ill conceivedon thing thi gaug would be realli good for design school case studi beauti and clever featur count for noth when realworld basic are ignor altern accutir ms4021b digit tire gaugeviair 90052 digit tire pressur gaug comment question welcom"
"have on use standard dialtyp mechan tire pressur gaug for my car motorcycl and bicycl over the year i wa curiou to tri out thi michelin digit tire pressur gaugelikesinclud two cr2032 batteri and carri casebuilt in led light next to the schrader automot type nozzleprogramm front and rear tire pressur could be use for relativesfriend borrow one vehicledislikesif the batteri is low or drain tire pressur cant be measuredcumbersom bare angl nozzl is difficult to line up perfect with the tire valv stem even more problemat with valv that are close to the wheelsspok that mean lot of air leakag prior to get readingi it realli necessari to have the programm tire pressur featur for our person vehicl motorcycl and bicycl how hard is it to memor few psi what if we use the digit gaug on more than one vehicledoesnt have relief valv to lower tire psi when pressur is slight highwhen place in move vehicl glovestorag compart the hard nylon carri case may inadvert press the power button on the side of the gaug and drain the batteryoveralltir gaug are critic for maintain proper pressur safeti and optim mpg for vehicl even more so for lower volum high pressur tire on motorcycl and bicycl i will continu to use time test and reliabl mechan tire gaug such asaccugag dial tire gaug with hose rra60xrath than reli on digit tire pressur gaug"
"i obtain thi product from vine as other review have point out the main function on thi michelin product leav lot to be desir it is difficult to seat onto the tire valv stem lack in thi key point of ea of use the case is also pain to open sinc it need to be unzip near all the way around in order to remov the tire gaug for use otherwi it is decent qualiti over make and digit readoutfor anoth vehicl in our household we have the accutir ms4355gb programm tire gaug which is better choic although more expen the accutir is veri easi to seat onto the valv stem ha given consist perform and held up for the last 9 month"
"thi look realli great but look can be deceivingth part that actual connect to the tire air valv is flatwhich made it unpredict for me as to whether i would get it right the first time and of cour if it isnt just right it let air out of the tire half the time i would hit it just right and it would work great howev i dont want to spend lot of time mess with my tire so have to mess with just get the connect to the pressur gaug is annoy at bestactu someon who use it lot might like it lot more sinc they could figur out how to depend use it i use pressur gaug onc month to check my tiresthi gaug ha realli nice shape good surfac feel and veri clear screen the light would be use in some dim light situat the case is handi but not realli that impress or use i check it against coupl of other gaug not as cool look but depend all three agr with each other so appar accuraci is not problemth program let you input the pressur you want for the front and back tire so you dont have to keep open the driver door to check howev sinc it on doe it for one car it isnt lot of help if you have more than one car and they have differ air pressur requirementsbtw whether you use thi or anoth gaug it is well worth the cost your tire last longer and are safer to use when they are inflat proper"
"i have use thi product in 3 vehicl 2 lawn mower 1 grass trimmer 1 snowblow and partridg in pear tree i havent notic ani benefit in use thi product whatsoev for fuel storag i would recommend stabil 360"
"i havent had thi batteri long and i havent use it that much but it alreadi leak so much for seal other than that it doe seem to handl charg and discharg well though i question for how long given the way it leak i do like the termin and the way theyr color code red and black"
"sinc i like chemic guy i bought the gallon size of thi right off the bat when i got it i dilut it 2 part to 1 with water like it say to prevent streak when i use thi i continu got black streak mark on my paint and made my car look more dirti then befor then i tri it without water and it wa the same i use the chemic guy spray bottl my paint wa not hot and i even spray it on towel and then wipe and still got bad resid not sure if it the wax but it took me 20 minut to remov the black crap off with meguiar ultim detail brand new dark blue car right after i spray thi it turn black and streak it doe smell good but that is about it im realli disappoint in chemic guy i end up return the jug so i could get my 27 buck back thank amazon is realli good about return i honest hope thi is just me or bad batch becaus i hate to give bad review to good compani over i think i will buy the smaller size product from now on to test them first"
"dont buy not worth it to epen did gave it tri but i had to remov it whith my regular bodi shine thank you"
"these neither fit my smallest cabinet in my rv nor do they fit well within their telescop tube kind of wobbl i am not sure what to do with them at thi point except mayb the trash"
"save your money these thing are worthless they are veri weak and flimsi and do noth to secur anyth i would not buy again"
"meant to be use with drill instead of buffer it didnt state thi in the descript and i wa hope for the best decent pad for the money the pad are littl low on qualiti compar to some other brand i would have had to pay for the return ship so i just kept the kit"
"got some black wheel for my 99 lexu gs400 and want to have the weight blend in these look great powder coat for durabl and even the adh is blacki wa stoke to have these but onc appli i say the error of my way the adh is not good at all the guy at the shop couldnt get these to stay on my wheel through balanc even after thourough clean the surfac befor handif the adh wa good thi would easili be 5 star unfortun thi is not the case here"
"these seem like nice cheap way to darken up our rv for sleep in and keep out unwant solar heat howev we realli want and need them most when it hottest outsid weve had 100 degr weather thi week i instal these on the ceil vent by simpli peel the back off some velcro tab and stick it between the mat and the vent boxunfortun after the sun had been beat on our for about an hour the velcro glue let go and the cover fell off the velcro stuck to the vent but it pull off the shini chrome cover it stick fine when it cool but that defeat the purpo of be sunshield now im concern that the glue will take the finish off the ceil if i pull the velcro tab back offi want these to be easili remov good idea but i dont know how you fix that without screw them down or someth el that will leav perman unsight residu or hardwar buy the vent shade pillow style camco 45192 rv sunshield vent insul instead dont use the includ velcro tab just stuff them up in the vent and theyll stay"
"whi sell product that the buyer ha to purcha better velcro to make it stick thi is absolut ridicul it would be an easi fix for the manufactur to listen to the custom complaint about thi product and requir better velcro glue"
"thi the same as the door cover the velcro strip could be better we bought thi and the door cover the strip melt when it get hot we went and got differ strip and work good but they tear easi"
"the adh to these is horribl i use them for room darken in our rv when camp and i wa constant have to put the back up becaus the adh doe not stick well for room darken howev they are great"
"i have use these in my vent for year on differ rv and they alway stay in place nice and flush in vent they realli insul the heat from that vent area and work nice for pillow at ball game to sit on not with ad plastic insul they now addedi thought they were great but they have recent ad anoth section to it and now it sit all crunch up and not veri attract in vent not good fit at all it stay in place and i assum will work do what it intend for but look terribl like i stuf an over pillow in the vent i usual dont send product back but thi wa not worth it i have nice motorhom dont need it look bad from the ceil vent amazon refund me in full i love amazon it my favorit place to shop and do lotupd 62313i did find in walmart the origin design that work great that is similar to thi but without the ad plasic walmart ha the great fit old style for like 900 in rv section in autopart i have not seen amazon carri thi old style the older style fit and stay great"
"i have 2004 yellowston sport rv thi doe not fit the insid space of the vent the vent crank get in the way even when i remov the crank and use the sticki tape that come with it it just fall off good idea but bad design dont know what might make it work proper"
"i purcha these water filter to lessen the likelihood of water spot after wash my vehicl as suggest in sever onlin forum unfortun we have veri hard water here in the northeast and it did not resolv the issu with spot"
"thi doesnt fit my outsid filter for my rv the filter just kinda rest on it total wast of money"
"one of these under my bottom step aint get it i am go to buy anoth one and put them on each end one on keep move around well made good qualiti unit"
"i bought two of these to help support the step on my travel trailer i instal them secur at the rear of the bottom of the step my wife step off on the step from the camper and the step collap into themselv and the brace flip up caus injuri to her shin and leg it could have been much wor had her leg fallen between the two step and the step collap on her possibl caus her leg to be sever i am veri disappoint in the size of the top and bottom they are on about 4 inch squar these are veri flimsili construct"
"talk about letdown and rip off i paid almost 15 for what i thought would be two unit as the product pictur show on to take deliveri of the compon and find that you on get one of themseri i could have bought 17 pair of black jackstand at bigboxcarpart and done the same thing i most assured would not have spent the equiv of 30 for what would be pair of screw jack standssav your money and consid anoth solut they are solid they are ok they are noth but screwhead jack standsand there no they to it you are buy one unit ad detail after tri to use thi coupl of time i also have to mention that the lower footer is about 3 x 3inch and the upper head of the jack also ha head of about 3 x 3 inchesthi doesnt work realli well with some stepslik mine my step are steel with reinforc ridg in the middl run later across the bottom of the step as result you cant nest the head beneath your step treadplat it on precari sit on the edg of the step as result there not lot of brace from use thi at all ye i could put piec of pine shelv beneath the step and screw the jack into it not good if you dont want your step to rust apartbut you cant take that upper plate off and the screw head is not removableso in the end thi is the oddest whiteeleph ive ever boughtcant get it to work whatsoev got pair of aluminium spinner jack for load up to 1000 pound that work much better than thi thingunfortun i cant even use it to stabil the rear of the rvthere is on one of themand it isnt rate anywh near high enough to do someth like that with"
"the idea is good but thi is not stabl under my step each time up or down the step it move and there no way to hold it in place i went back to my nail togeth stack of 2x8 it might work in sand though pegleg"
"it is wast of money for the intend purpo got rip purcha thi it might be great product for some other purpo but not saveastep brace it is made ok if i could find anoth purpo for it"
"i tri instal thi but found that the stair on my trailer have support bar through the middl and there is not good place to instal it i should have read the review and would not have even order it i will wait until i get home to my shop and make some modif so i can use it"
"cant use thi becaus the step on my camper is close to the ground and the adjust isnt short enough to work on level ground mayb it would be great on uneven ground but what camp ground is that uneven how about shorter one"
"work somewhat but the clip that hold the brace up broke off littl qualiti control would go long way"
"the helmet is larg howev the unit is run small size it set too high on my head i could use extralarg size"
"you could find someth suitabl at mani retail i thought it would be heavier it like that stuff you use to keep thing from slide in your droor oh yeah and it drive me nut in the wind slap the roof"
"if thi kit wa of better qualiti it would be nice way for one person to bleed brake howev thi kit is sore lack in the qualiti dept first the plastic hose is pack in the box with kink in it so even after tri to relax the kink they collap with suction is appli the adapt are one time applic onc i seat the adapt to the first brake bleeder valv which work well it wa all over the follow bleeder valv wouldnt seat as the adapt wa not pliabl enough to reseat do yourself favor and buy set of speed bleedersand leav thi kit alon"
"first off the pictur look like metalbut it plastic thi wouldnt be too bad if the rest of the kit wasnt so poor the suction pump is okaythough tiresom but the jar is too small the hose is chintzi and the fit leak like crazi regardless of how much you pump you will alway see aireven if there isnt ani in your brake line thi can make it veri difficult to tell if youv actual bled the line or notperhap thi would work better for motorcycl"
"it didnt work so well gasket wa leek they send me complet rebuilt part part fast and free but still i had to have the purg done at the garag at the end"
"the pump seem to work fine the flaw ari in the leaki reservoir and fit the on way for vacuum pump to realli work is to be abl to creat seal thi thing leak not on from the poor design reservoir but from everi tube connect pointi end up go with the motiv pump for my audi a4 instead it cost more but it actual usabl"
"the one i receiv broke on the first torqu adjust went from base to 20 ft lb and it made grind sound then lock up got it to move backward tri again no luck immedi sent back as defect"
"i use them for land gear support and at the back support for my 38 5th wheel trailer along with the cap piec by the same compani some of the one under the land gear crack immedi when weight wa appli i wa shock as for the one in the rear of the trailer i use four of these with cap piec there is simpli to much give in them not stabl at all i took them out and use concret block i give them two star becaus of the handi bag they come in i would not recommend thi product"
"i spray paint lot of thing car bike jetski plastic fabric and stuff around the hous thi prep spray might work if there is on light grea and certain type of wax but doe not work all the time on all surfac i would say it work about 30 of the time the rest of the time requir more inten clean scrub sand or even sandblast if the surfac you are paint ha been wax or contamin with oil thi prep spray will probabl not do the job i realli expect more from dupliccolor product meant to clean surfac befor paint"
"work ok but no better than dawn dish soap or mani other spray cleaner that are less expen save your money"
"the towel are veri nice and soft on problem is that these are more for wash than wipe thing high recommend wash them befor use the feather of the towel will come off and it get kinda of annoy to see feather on my car or fli around me these do soak up lot of water and get the job done but not the towel i wa look for2 star becaus it great buy but if your look for microfib towel that drieswash like i wa stay away from these"
"thi is the worst piec of crap ever i wa alway warn about buy the gimmick on tv it didnt do what it state it would do i did better clean my window with window cleaner and regular microfib cloth thi wa wast of my money and time buy thi piec of crap"
"thi product is wonder idea and work like charm one problem i notic ear wa that the head did not attach firm to the exten handl i do not know whi the handl is remov the whole point of thi product is to reach hard to get to area on windshield without strain as result the head would make loud snap sound from time to time while in use and would sometim even fall off final one day while use it the plastic handl split in two and broke the result of thi product are wonder the window in my car had never been cleaner but the product is of horribl qualiti there are other more qualiti option out there"
"while thi product doe make it easier to get to some of the hard to reach place of the insid of windshield the cloth is too thin and over to small to effect clean"
"wa expect someth littl more substanti the tool is rather small and difficult to hold and use with ani forc to break windshield the cutter is use but is basic straight blade held in the plastic two part handleth entir tool is about the size of util knife and basic construct like one on out of thin plastic instead of metalit is compact and therefor somewhat use in an extrem emerg but i wouldnt reli on it as my first choic if larger sturdier version made by competitor wa handyspend the extra money and buy the better one if you are corner worker or need thi for other than onc in million chanc need"
"razor is sharp and can cut thru the seatbelt howev after watch some video on youtub that show thi fail to break i decid to head out to the junkyard and find an old window that wouldnt be miss glass may eventu break if struck hard enough in the right spot but i wasnt abl to break the window and believ me it wasnt for lack of tryingdef consid purchash more reput item like the resq me or knife will harden carbid tip as thi just doesnt seem to do the job"
"griot ha numer product for which they realli ought to be laud and recommendeda profess auto detail who ha spent and therefor blown thousand of dollar test product i simpli cannot do withoutgriot garag 11104 interior cleaner 35 ozgriot garag 11040sp leather care spray 8 oz or and especi theirgriot garag 11173sp vinyl and rubber dress 8 oz which is hand down the most superior product on the market for dress and protect one interior vinyl rubber and plastic compon i have purpo link the smallest lowest cost product offer for you to test for yourselfthat be said griot undercarriag spray is well it garbag realli and garbag is not word i use light as pro detailer1 it will in fact recolor one undercarriag and wheel well for about as long as it take to drive through hard rain and all the water left on the road from such soaking2 it smell aw of petrochem do not use thi product in your garag or ani sort of confin space you will get the mother of all headaches3 holi mose is thi stuff expen for what it is and what it doe which is true of lot of griot stuff i need not say thi to most peopl but just in case buy the product not the hype behind it further trust the review of those that are probabl to know betterth truth is thi ani spray tire dress will work as well and like better as griot under carriag spray for recondit one wheel well which is what most peopl buy thi product forher free tip most tire dress are siliconeba and are therefor veri heavi when squeez the trigger give your wrist fair quick flick in the direct you are spray to minim run of the productajbestautodetailcom"
"to the extent i use it thi wax produc result that are no better than you can get from mani other product i never did do my whole car with it becaus appli accord to instruct use the griot random orbit machin thi wax wa ridicul difficult to remov after some experi with applic techniqu i decid there wa no point in hassl with it and went back to my meguiar to add injuri to insult best in show wax is nonreturn product now ive got most of 20 bottl sit useless in my basement thi may be my first 1star review but at such price it got to be the worst valu in car wax ive ever encount"
"on the plu side thi come in nice packag doesnt includ the sprayer and smell niceunfortun it is carnaubaba and doesnt last at all think mayb one or two car wash or month max of cour there are some pasteliquid carnauba wax that on last month but there are some that will last sever month my point is that there are better polymerba sprayon or quickdetail product out therethi cannot take the place of proper wax but it is conveni in that you can spray it on while dri your car and add littl bit of protect until you can use proper waxa far as spray on product there are better product out there if time is what your tri to save these includ rang of product from ultima paint guard plu wipeon walkaway paint sealant to finish kare 425 sprayonquickdetailerin the end it is ok but then i knock off star becaus it ha pretti bad tendenc to streak which take extra effort and towel to buff off"
"not sure thi work so great i just tri use it to remov scad of bug on the veri low grill on the front of my scion fr i read the simpl instruct multipl time just to get it right but i have to say that veri littl junk wa remov some wa but not much i even tri roughsurfac pot scrubber in spot but that didnt get much off either i wa abl to clean up few veri small smudg spot here and there around the vehicl that wa nice over i wont use it again"
"1 make sure your surfac is as clean as possible2 clean these pad as often as possibl while use them i use compress air and pad brushth pad do not like to get dirti and they do not like to overheat ive had sever pad liter go 34poof34 on my griot da polish the center just disintegr and foam goe everywh sinc switch to lake countri pad and have found they are much more durabl and more versatileth are good beginn pad but onc you figur out how the whole da polish thing work upgrad to better pad"
"doe good job howev i probabl will not buy age smell is nauseat doe not last too long did bring back the black and look ok dirt stuck to well after 1 light applic and let dri"
"at fist i thought thi pad wa first rate but the second time i use it the hook and loop line separ from the pad im go to tri and glue it back on but im not convinc it will workupd i use thi pad third time and notic that the hook and loop piec had shrunk substanti on the back of the pad make the pad much smaller as mention befor the hook and loop separ from the pad and i tri to glue it back it last for about 30 min and then i had to throw it away in my opinion not good invest at all i do not recommend thi product im go to tri chemic guy next"
"initi i wa happi with thi product it look sturdi and look like it made of high qualiti foam i have been pretti happi with the rest of the griot except for their machin polishesyesterday i decid to use thi thing for my fender use the griot 3 inch random orbit first 15 min of usag the hook and loop separ and the pad flew leav me with mar paint due to back plate smack onto my fender in comparison i had bought some harbor freight pad and after sever use still work great thank griot for make 5 pad ruin my car and now it go to cost me few thousand dollar to fix my paint"
"i bought thi think it wa the wash product wa go to return it but did not i use it but it doe not seem to shine ani better than duster or clean towel"
"my result use thi wa not veri good it tend to leav light dri wax residu streak that you cannot set while dri the car and on notic later thi will promot you to wipe them off which subsequ can leav more swirl on your cari think you are better off not use thi and just wax your car normal littl more often"
"someon el here also had the same comment it noisi veri annoying so and skip and bounc leav trail of water real time waster glad to hear it work for some but didnt for me problem might be too much flexibl too soft and the t part of the blade itself my compari detail choic no noi straight blade no water trail veri fast blade"
"sorri if you cant get an origin oldstock superdeep california water blade for 30 from someon sell old stock merchandi just give up and go back to oldfashion chamoi or towel the blade on thi newstyl notso 34original34 one is way too stiff and just doe not work that wellth current style california blade are not as good as the older one we have also tri numer knockoff style silicon wiper but none or them either have the deep high flexibl blade of the oldstyl origin california water baldswhi california water blade chang their great origin design is beyond our comprehen"
"i want to like thi but all it did wa squeak and bounc across the glass and the car surfac leav the water behind it wa useless"
"ye it will work but it is realli difficult to get it on the fin becaus it is wide and the other straighten on the wheel interf with your abil to get close to the edg ive seen some that are straight with one size per rod friend purcha that one and it is much more useabl i also found that the cheap plastic is so flimsi that some of the blade are not even space and thi will caus it to press the fin apart unevenlywil it work ye is there better choic definit"
"i can see how thi might work good on big pitch window ac unit and the like but i tri to use it on 22 pitch 5 ton 14 seer modern unit and it is basic useless that tight of pitch caus real problem with the plastic materi success mate with the fin and the plastic got damag right away then on top of that even when use soapi water or lube to tri to ea movement it wouldnt effect spread the fin it might be good product for some use but for tight pitch modern larg system it wast of money"
"i have check engin light on code p0420 i believ on my chevi truck i tri it but it didnt work what ha happen is my convert ha broken up into piec so noth you dump into the fuel is go to fix that issu now my problem is that i cant buy replac cat for my 2003 chevi silverado with 53l engin that california legal other then the whole pipe and both convert from the dealer even though if i wa in ani other state i could buy convert for like 90 so i guess ill just pollut for anoth year until either one get certifi or i have to fork out 800so thi stuff wont work if your convert is broken up your just wast your money"
"im go to call as i see it and it did not work for me at all i did not think it could realli do what it claim to do and i wa optimist hope it could make differ but it did not help at alli use as direct and had no check engin light on but when i fill up after use thi product my check engin light came on on the way home from the station i wa hope it need more time to work but it keep come back on thi did not help at all 30 wast"
"origin i wa satisfi with thi purcha becaus they were decent price and bright but alreadi after short 3 week one of the bulb ha burnt out when i instal them i wore glove and wa still care not to touch the bulb as best as i could so i dont think it wa caus by an error dure instal mayb i just receiv faulti bulb but either way i will not be order from thi brand again and i wouldnt recommend thi product"
"thi truli is an absolut abysm product the black brush broke within two minut of veri light usag befor it broke the bristl kept fall out make my attempt at detail redund as i had to go back and individu remov these bristl one by one sinc they fell out and flew all over the place on top of that the bristl seem to be dy black i say thi becaus the second they came in contact with veri light deterg the color transfer to the surfac i wa work on and wa difficult to clean off then the entir brush fell apart see my upload photo the vent tool is worthless no dirt would stick to it all it did wa smear the dirt around and then the white brush it too light to do anyth product with it like tri to detail with someon poni tail it just floppi and serv no real purposei resort back to use the free toothbrush i got from hotel and qtip they are better made and leav car look better than thi product just total garbag"
"not too impress with thi set too pricey for what you getref to the pictur of thi itembrush on the left the brush will not realli clean your vent wellunless you were tri to scrub off dri snot or bug that manag to get in the vent uselessbrush in the middl nylon hair on thi brush is bit stiff and too short not realli sure what you can dust or clean well in you car interiorbrush on the right best and most use in packag as you can dust out all crevic ventsknob etc with thi brushunfortun the hair fell off rather easili on some light dustingid recommend buy some cheap paint brush art brush from dollar store to do the same job"
"i thought id tri these for few dollar the first one came apart while i use it on my first truck the tire were pretti big and not that smooth but i expect littl higher qualiti than that the second one last coupl of vehicl befor it also fell apart i end up spend littl more money to get one that last i think the glue is pretti weak and should be stronger"
"use new tire glaze with these applic the black color from the spong bleed onto my hand shape and size of the applic requir two swipe to cover the width of the tire just poor design over i would not purcha these again"
"ive been detail and clean my vehicl for the past 15 year so im rather particular about what i use and how i clean the vehicl which is whi i use thi on friend vehicl with their permiss who doesnt particular care about how it look first of all you should never use ani product like thi on dirti vehicl without wash it first otherwi you are simpli rub dirt direct into the paint and you will have swirl mark especi if you have dark color vehicl the vehicl should ideali be wash with pressur washer to remov largeloo dirt or reput touchless wash if not avail and then with wash mit and bucket with grit guard use car wash soap if it in the kitchen dont use it car wash soap on pleaseonc you have 99 clean vehicl you may then proceed to use the lucki earth detail kit you can use thi to clean up ani spot you may have miss on the paint wheel or even glass if you feel like it for thi the product got the job done but then again so doe plain old h2o with microfib towel perhap if you dont have clean water avail thi would work but then again how did you wash the vehicl in the first placecompar to the normal detail product i have and current do use such as meguiar and zaino well there is no comparison these product do far better job as clean ad shine protect and even help cover up swirlsth tire kit provid matt finish ie not shini im not realli sure if ad ani protect sinc it look and feel the same as it did after it wa wash with soap and water but it did pick up more dirt onc again it tire watertowel would do the same thing we wont bother compar thi to anyth elsethen you have to consid the cost thi is somewhat pricey for detail kit but i suppo that the price you pay for earthfriend productspro earthfriend veri nice towel remov water spot like youv never seen befor did i mention the soft microfib towelscon expen potenti cost and harm wash direct nonearth friend product do much betterover i like tree too but the lucki earth product on clean stuff slight better than water and not how they claim it should there is no way you are ditch tradit wash method for spray bottl on dirti vehiclemi suggest if you need detail kit buy well known product such as meguiar and use them on car on not tree they are definit carfriend"
"befor use thi when bath my two miniatur schnauzer i read the other review i wa surpri to see that there were two distinct camp the 34best thing sinc slice bread34 group and the 34worthless34 group i have to say that i vote with the worthless groupfirst off what doe one compar these two towel rough the same size would be tea towel and hand towel ok these are definit better than tea towel hand towel hard to say i dont use hand towel i use old bath towel and there is no comparison bath towel win everi time second the pocket for one hand seem like good idea but in fact is limit the towel materi in between the two end doesnt get use unless you are do shoeshinetyp motion from one end to anoth which certain doesnt work for my dog or ani dog with hair for that matter even use them to wipe down dog leg or underbelli is more difficult than with hand tow didnt give them one star becaus they arent complet useless and some peopl may find use for them i wont be use them again for my dog nor do i recommend them"
"pretti bad when use with da mine had big tear even befor im done with my 1st car accord to meguiar they dont recommend thi pad with meguiar da g110v2"
"while it stay togeth it made quick work of some paint oxid when combin with meguiar run compound and meguiar buffer but it liter fell apart befor i wa even half way done with the job the buffer unit get hot and melt the glue that hold the velcro to the pad and then the whole thing just start to disintegr i wouldnt buy thi set up again"
"bought thi caus of the name it doe not smell good at all i use it onc and have not use it again mayb it just my prefer but i did not like it"
"dont buy thi wor smell ever now i cant stand the smell in my truck now im stuck with it"
"i am huge chemic guy fan i use and still use their blacklight wax and the jetseal 109i also have their new car scent which i am run low on so i decid to tri thi one out first it smell veri similar to the new car scent but the scent doe not last long at alli liter believ the leather scent stay in the car for coupl of hour and that it the new car scent doesnt last long either but it last for at least day mayb twowhil the scent is good it not worth it becaus you have to go through so much product"
"i bought 2 pair of these 1 bulb is doa too much hassl to return so i went ahead and bought anoth pairfor the price eh i cant realli complain"
"ug heavi uncomfort and hot there is realli noth good to say about thi jacket save your money and order someth el"
"left auto window streak had to realli wipe on it i wa surpri use other product from griot and they were greatwil not buy again"
"these are okay except the fact that they have sewn in soft paper label there is tear off perfor to tear the label off but some bit of paper still remain attach to the towel so thi is an area you have to be care of and avoid have it contact your paint make the towel bit less use and niceget these instead better and they are even edgelessdetail master pro 16 x 16 eagl edgeless blue profess microfib detail towel pack of 5"
"thi pump is veri slow pump small amount per shot the hose kept come off and i had to purcha hose clamp to finish my transfer thi product is not for anyon who doe not have lot of timeit doe pump tranni grea just fine but with great deal of effort my machin took three quart and it took me more than half hour to pump that much"
"i did not like thi product other user i spoke to like it i found it difficult to clip togeth even when look in mirror i would rate thi as no star do not buy"
"latch wa veri stiff and hard to make the connect when you cant see what you are do under your chin got it misalign onc and couldnt unlatch it also pinch brui on my neck onc when my skin got caught between the part remov it an replac it with the raider quick disconnect which work great buy the raider instead of thi one you will be happier"
"i will be purcha anoth type of helmet quick relea after have thi echo quick relea for few week nowfor starter i just don8217t like the design the metal clip get lodg in sideway when tri to secur the two end of the unit togeth then it becom two hand and sometim two man project to get your helmet off the design is simpli too skinni for me to blind 8220thread the needle8221 if you will and get the clip securedsorri but i do not recommend thi product"
"the led die on thi item but it still charg i will investig the warranti and get back here purcha thru amazon fulfil by hrpworldcom"
"defect as other state first the batteri fit veri tight but they fit second hazard insert batteri turn switch on and the fan work not much air but figur ani air movement in fridg work howev becaus of the comment that the batteri got hot i put the unit on cement floor with the switch off return in about 20 minut and could not hold the batteri so hot that the outer batteri skin wa blister dont know if the plastic could get hot enough to start fire but the batteri could get hot enough to leak all over your refrig heed other advic don not buy thi item of cour amazon accept return no question ask"
"first one i order came right out of the box with the fan torn off and rattl around in the seal cage i could see it wa broken befor i even open the packag bought it from amazon so wa abl to exchang it for anoth one veri fast deliveri return made simpl for sure the next one wa just as the other review describ veri difficult to instal the batteri but with enough pressur i can instal anyth i push so hard to get the batteri into the thing that i drove the fan support plate up underneath the fan and had to use thin screw diver to push it back down the fan doe work though i guess if the batteri ever die i will need to throw the thing away caus there is no chanc that they are come back out without crack the hous"
"i spray thi on car part without do ani prior clean with disk pad i havent notic anyth chang"
"despit the item descript not compat with 2009 dodg suv which have canbu autolight the har did plug right into two differ brand of hid kit but did not stop the flicker at all"
"the end are too larg around to fit into the storag area which mean now i have stinki sewer hose in garbag bag not good thi is basic stuff sewer storag diamet is pretti much standard in all newer rv less than 15 yr old so it it not rocket scienc to make sure the hose and it perman attach fit fit into that area"
"i purcha thi rhinoflex 5 sewer hose extensinon kit with coupler and it wa noth but big problem while on my month long trip i never could get the coupler connect so had to hold them to the end of the hose when dump my motor home i end up not even use the connector to the dump but just feed my hose down in the hole i had to do thi as the other coupler came lose and had to hold it on the motor home outlet so my wast wouldnt spill all over the place some guy email me and told me it took him forti minut to figur out how to connect the coupler but it wa peac of cake after that i have had it and will not even tri to do thi i am think of return it but i threw away the box and it is too much troubl i do not see how they would sell such product know the coupler are so hard to connect if in fact you can connect them"
"it work but the fit wont fit insid my 434 squar bumper the valterra brand doe fit so there pegleg"
"thi rhino hose cant stand uv light in direct sunlight if you leav one attach to the rv it come apart in just few month mine came complet apart in sever locat and had to mani pin hole to count the cheap hose i replac thi one with from walmart ha been out in the same light in the same locat for over year and half and still look like new while the rhino wa in the dumpster in one third of that time"
"as long as your stuff flow down hill thi will work fine i bought thi about 4 month ago and have use it quit heavili in that time until thi weekend it work great but i now see it ha limit the sewer connect i use thi weekend wa actual slight higher than the outlet of my travel trailer i have veri lowprofil trailer as result the hose stay full after i empti my tank the problem wa that with the hose constant full of water the trailer side fit leak it wa fair steadi drip and no matter how tight i tighten the fit they still leak i am go to put thi away as backup hose and tri thevalterra d040250 domin 15 sewer hose kitnext"
"weve set thi up 3 time sinc we left on our trip april 27th today the 3rd time hook it up the elbow complet separ from the hose now with about 12 roll of duct tape hold it on it still drip flimsi there are other out there worth the thi isnt"
"i had to return thi product becaus it wa defectiveth scanner fail to mate with my onboard comput on my 2004 toyota corollai purcha canobd2 car readerwhich wa perfect matei high recommend the latter not that the elmscan 5 compact wa lesser produc product i had to return it for the reason state aboveelmscan 5 compact usb obdii scan tool obdwiz engin diagnost softwar 423001"
"the good the size is perfect fit in tight space becaus they are on about1534 long the light out put is great for softer accent light when bright read light is not need and they are at great price the bad they get hot almost as hot as the incondec bulb not somet i would expect from an led the ug i will not trust these to be left on unattend becaus they get so hot i like to leav light on in the rv when we are out but on these i have other led that stay cool and will leav them on i would not buy these again becaus of thi"
"the product descript show the size as 15x15x4 inch which is like to be the size of the cordset when it is coil but it tell me noth as to the length of the cord when it is uncoil import inform and as the seller is amazon there is no one to phone or email to request the inform"
"well i hope amazon return goe smooth becaus just after i open the box i found that i had receiv defect unitth problem is with the rotat len in the 12 oclock posit the detent is loo and sloppi how would you like to film 3 hour of video on to find out that the pictur tilt halfway throughoth peopl have complain on the contour web site and contour said they will replac the camera with loo detent i assum they will replac them with refurbishedrepair unit so that whi i went right to amazon returnsa minor second problem is that the softwar instal use program call prcviewex which macaff call flag as potenti unwant i have instal ton of softwar over the year and none ha trigger alert from macaf antiviru"
"update08152012batteri door rip complet off just from normal useupdate07122012they said they sent clip i never got it i contact them again and they resent one which i receiv in day or two after instal it all wa good took it on vacat and my mom bump it with the batteri door off and it broke again and more recent the batteri door just fell off from the rubber piec that held it on it still latch but isnt leashedupdate2292012aft reinstal firmwar it record againi contact them for warranti claim and they said they are send me anoth batteri clip i dont abus my camcord and it frustrat ive had thi mani problem with itanoth problem i notic is in cold weather the record switch doesnt lock into place and you dont get much batteri life the later wa expectedupd 2142012camera just brick it selfso there metal ring that attach the batteri holder which at some point came loo and rattl around in the camera now it doesnt record or stay record tri differ memori card charg it noth now the 100 buck worth of mount i have are worthless as is the camera it selfi prefer the contour video over the go pro but that about the on thinglow light it pretti good noth spectacular but with small imag sensor i knew thisaft one light drop from about 2 feet onto carpet the batteri retain broke luckili or not the batteri is thick enough that it cant be remov with out plier so im not as worri about thativ had the camera about 2 month now and while tri to remov it from the suction mount panavi portion is good the contour part suck it rip the back door off yet anoth over expen poor construct mountth mount are over expen and poor construct it not as rug as i would have hope either i dont by ani mean beat on it the worst wa 2 foot drop i wouldnt expect it to hold up in crashit look pretti compar to teletubi go pro but i couldnt recommend get one for more then 100 buck if you plan on use it alot sinc ive alreadi spent ton on mount for camera that turn into paperweight more everi dayoh edit is nightmar with the file format as welland their softwar is junk"
"purcha these to replac one from fit system model 3891 bought from amazon in 2012 and they where far worst for view obstruct when back camper into tight space the one from fit system are far superior for use in back camper you can see low tree branch eve of build carport post etc these mirror look better than one from fit system and are easier to instal the first time but they dont begin to compar to use of one from fit systemsif you want mirror that are easi to instal and look good buy these if you want mirror that work buy the one from fit system onc you connect the one from fit system the first time they are breez to connect the next timei high recommend the one from fit system 3891 from amazon and half the price"
"i purcha the yamaha becaus of the good review and im yamaha fan own few product like my atv i had honda eu2000i that wa 3 year old and i sold it with travel trailer but now i felt i should of kept it first thing i notic when the yamaha arriv wa it seem louder then the honda but i thought i wa be to critic so later we went camp at my favorit spot in the desert and after place the yamaha 30 feet from trailer where i would put the honda i notic the yamaha wa louder with the honda i could bare hear it when im in the trailer but the yamaha wa not as quit and i could easili hear it run i wa hope it would be the same but becaus it louder im not happi at all so i sold the yamaha and now look to get anoth hondabut dang it amazon is out of stock on the honda so im of to camp worldi would not recommend thi gener if you want the most quietest onebut if the sound isnt an issu then it compar to the honda"
"i consid myself for the most part half way compet mechan 8211 ie rehab hous work on car includ automat transmiss rebuilt brake replac time belt 8230 with that said thi triangl is pretti cool well though out in design but realli lack in execut the plastic where it wrap around the pivot point is just too thin and will break off 8211 guarant sooner of later case in point is the triangl wa alreadi broken at the pivot point in the box even befor i open it 8211 perhap that wa return the other good one i had troubl set it up at first as when you tri to snap it togeth convent it will break instead of snap it togeth you need to pri it open littl not to much or it will break too then align the half round hole with the pin on it coaxialconcentr plane 8211 it non intuit i think it wa design to snap in but they got the form factor slight off dure manufacturingimagin dure an emerg on the highway in the dark pour rain or in freez storm where you mind hand and finger are not that coordin do you want to play around with thi murphy8217 law huh"
"is that thing abra i am ask becaus it doe not feel like iti tri to use it on my sunglass it did not do anythingi did read befor that it wa not meant for that use and to not attempt do iti did not care and tri it it had the same effect of put moistur cream on it it ha similar texturenoth chang at all it did not do anythingi would actual have prefer if it had damag the plastic becaus at least it would be the proof of some effect"
"noth wrong with the bulb but even at their sale price i think it wa 16 or so they were poor valu not ani brighter than the set that wa in therejust the cheapo kragen brand"
"forget the market hype of 90 that is just some trick of the perver way they are measur it the dot depart of transport tight regul these thing to someth like 15 with that said these are notabl brighter than the stock 9003 bulb which were 3 year old consid the origin were 3 year old i would believ the output of these bulb is increa toward the upper rang of that 15 i also like the color temperatur of the light output which is notic whiter than normal halogen but not quit true hid colorwhat is terribl disappoint is that these bulb dramat alter the beam pattern perhap thi is the way that ge play the number game to achiev up to 90 brighter in certain area what i found is that the beam pattern went from nice wide flat pattern to an almost dot pattern sure the area in the bright dot is better lit but the other area are wor in fact the center dot ha poor cutoff caus extra glare forc you to aim them slight lower what i see are two bright dot which converg to give you welllit spot which is fine for straightahead highway use but for curv or side lane it is terriblein sum i like the increa light output as well as the color temperatur of these bulb and the daili deal price wa nice but ge compromi the beam pattern to achiev it bogu market claim"
"i bought these know that no regular bulb are go to look like hid but thought these would be littl bit closer to hid i saw mani great review and that these were the top of the line i instal them in my 2007 ford crown victoria patrol car and saw no differ in bright or color on top of that these appar have shorter life span than regular bulb fortun they were on sale for great price so i dont feel bad wast the money"
"the bulb were great didnt have the over blue color mani of the high end bulb do and were notic brighter than the bulb they replac howev 1 bulb die after less than 3 month and no i did not touch the bulb dure instal so in the end i give them an for effort but the still get an f over"
"ok product didnt fit my grip i guess on made for their grip"
"in spite of the low cost the design of thi unit circuitri is fair robust better than some diy design you will find on the webftdi usb to serial interfac ic ft232bl and lm393 dual voltag compar for dual k line level conver on okth main drawback is that the suppli softwar is useless ancient and the instruct are useless nonappl to ani recent version of window it is also understood that there is no supportin instal the usb driver from ftdi web site seem to work but did not strong consid use the latest driver from window updat site which work proper with vcd lite and of cour are sign and work well with window 7 in my base 64 bit version alsoalso when check connect use vcd lite option per instruct make sure you do thi physic connect to car obd port and not with other serial port which will fal pass test in vcd lite option pane these are the two most common setupinst problem you may encounterth is no support for thi product or the softwar you might run with it so take care to follow the direct preci if you do so you will have good chanc of thi work with recent version of window and vcdslite or other freeshar ware for vwaudi obdwher my sampl fell short is in proper function test thi with multipl comput and knowncompat car that work with other obdii reader it did not ever establish connect to the car softwar use includ the vcd freewar version as well as two other open sourc toolswhen check the connect and solder under microscop i found that the obd connector j1962 that connect to the car jack wa poor solder otherwi the devic appear well put togetheramazon process refund proper boost review star given huge valu and good fallback if all el failsbtw purcha the similar but betterbuilt cabl from ecstun for about 3x the total cost veri happi with that bit of hardwar"
"i bought thi think it will work with my 1994 vw golf the cd that come with it is useless and outdat and the cabl did not serv it intend purpo at the end"
"need driver and softwar help will not instal auto instal disc wont do noth but tell you what it wont do"
"in less than year these bracket have rust the thing is i keep my bike in the garag when not in use onc again most like made in china like must thing sold at amazon"
"thi is nice piec of equip and it is must have for an rv water system but i found out veri quick that i wa switch compressor hose constant becaus thi wasnt the same size as my air tool yeah you can chang those nippl out but honest just use the valv stem style blow out and you wont have ani problem"
"i though what great idea blow air into line and clear them so they wont freez right well i wonder about the low line or the dip throughout the coach the pex may have in hidden area if water didnt get total blow out and accumul in these area well thi past fall i blew the line good with air and my good air compressor to the right pressur no to over do what the line can hold and long and few timeswel with the super cold winter we had i got nervou after few super cold day in dec and figur i would pump rv antifreez through all the line which i have alway done just in case my fear were right well it would not pump through all the water line becaus the accumul water left in pex line were frozen in some area i warm up coach for few hour and use few space heater till line becam unfrozen then the water pump final drew in the antifreez and i had no leak and felt good the rest of the winter know the line were protecteda thought also went through my mind when i wa push compress air in from my compressor to my water line think how clean is thi air that blow through the air line and compressor into my fresh water drink linesso the product doe what it design to do convert air to screw in part of water inlet after that i am not sure it get all the water out plu just know the rv antifreez is in all the line is safe thing to know your realli cover good when you flush it in the spring and have no surpri leak anywh from crack pex line or connector somewh"
"i return these due to them not work on my trailer it ha side skirt on it and it wa imposs to use these even turn upsid down send back and order standard wheel chock"
"look good on paper but ha no effect on the movement of 33 travel trailer i put down the land gear and have normal movement when someon get up and move around got pr of these hope theyd allevi that movement no chang whatsoev these might keep you from roll away if park on steep hill but so will good set of wheel chock and i know theyd cost lot less dont wast your money buy the wheel chock"
"okay thi doe appear to be smooth run machin but smooth or not it no good if the pad dont stay on over 3 settingi got thi to restor the finish on white 2005 ford crown victoria polic interceptor that i bought from the local auction i actual wrote in and ask meguiar if it could be use with their 105 compound they said ye and i order the machineunfortun the pad would not stay on at the higher speed in order to cut through the scratch and there is no way it would cut 1200 to 1500 sand line like they adverti it do in mani of their video so i learn that issu on the trunk and did the rest of the car with 3000 and after sever applic of 105 at the slower speed got the car to shine and readi for the 205 polishi did write in to meguiar regard the pad issu and they did send me pad and new back plate unfortun they sent me the 56 back plate and not the 7 plate that thi machin is all about so what the point local on 8 pad are avail in all the part store so that anoth issu your pad must be order alsoi thought i did all my homework befor i order thi product and look at video and review all over the place i guess i didnt pay enough attent becaus when i receiv the machin and review specif video on product use i notic mani of the meguiar train video show maguir folk use makita rotari tool and wool pad at high speed i think that should have been clueanyway in my next life i am go to at least go down to the local auto paint suppli store and see what they are offer befor i buy onlin while 3m stuff is not so preval in the auto suppli store around here and i havent seen ani good da with the pressur respon motor and the speed rang of the onlin stuff im sure they must have complet set of product that local profess are use for about the same price less the aggrav use meguiar product sinc the blue coral era in the 70 and between thi da thing and multipl problem with their fail spray bottl i am move on to other vendor"
"thi littl unit is workhor it basic dual action grinder motor that ha been adapt for use as buffer the problem it ha is thu the way the pad attach to the buffer is cheap velcro system the pad will not stay put had to stop frequent to recent them thi would just be annoy but it get wor after an hour of use the unit start to get hot and it conduct thi heat down into the buf pad the velcro on the pad is held in place with glue so when the pad get hot the glue let go and the pad disintegr while your work thi is just plain poor design especi for 150 buffer if they could overcom thi it would be great unit otherwi it wast of money for anyon who is do seriou detail work"
"if i pay for e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug i expect to see the red gaugeinstead of orang cheaper grade lang gaug no pocket clip have the pleasur of own real e hand tool 4450a ez grip spark plug gap gaug thi is nowher the same item no where in thi list doe it say or substitut not even email or noth say it would be substitut i mean if i want the cheap lang i could have stop by sear for five buck"
"at least i obtain lexol premium tire shine spray through amazon vine program becaus i would have been great disappoint had i paid the go price the main issu is that stoner meguiar and mother all make superior product and all of them are readili avail at auto suppli store the spray nozzl on the lexol product produc an aw wide spray which tend to lead to wast and have to clean the overspray off your wheel when use in the wide set on the narrow set there still fair amount of runoff wast the biggest problem is that thi product is not near as shini as it competitor nor doe it seem to last appreci longer if your in pinch lexol premium tire shine spray is ok but if you can find one of the three competitor list abov at compar price then think twice about thi product"
"thi product ha silicon which ha been proven to degrad tire and dri them out so while thi product will make your tire look shini the tire will not last as long if you use thisth manufactur claim that thi product protect your tire is complet fal"
"okay i didnt expect lot but i did expect it to inflat an automobil tire compressor would come on but tire would total deflat while runningsam thing with tri to inflat bicycl tire i learn my final lesson with slime thi wa not my first faulti product from thi manufactur"
"piec of junk took forev to inflat normal car tire and broke after about 2 month total wast of money"
"i got small construct stapl stuck in my tire right on the tread few veri small hole exact what thi product is design for i follow the direct to t the slime 34clotted34 in the hole and stop the leak and then i drove few mile slowli to get the stuff well distribut in the tire i measur the pressur over few hour and it held the next day howev i drove to work and when i came back to my car that even the tire wa flat lost pressur faster than when i had the stapl in it been extrem cold here boston in februari and weve got lot of snow so my guess is that thi stuff doesnt work too well in those conditionsi know lot of peopl seem to have good luck with thi but i figur it would be use to temper thing bit with the perspect of somebodi for whom thi product didnt work at all most import watch out when use thi in veri cold weatheron more thing if you look at the review youll see that it pretti much either 5 star work for peopl or 1 star didnt at all with not much in between it appear to work for about 3 out of 4 peopl result in pretti high averag review henc the four star over rate and that assum the slime peopl are uncommon honest and dont post fal posit reviewsput anoth way there is at least 25 chanc thi product will be disast for you 25 chanc thi will caus you far more troubl than if youd just had the tire patch or use more convent tire sealnt and that will make you deepli regret buy thi id actual say that for product like thi 25 chanc of failur is way too high so consid the 45 star review in that context 45 might be good rate for tv but for product that is fix someth as import to your safeti as car tire have 31 ratio of five to one star review actual isnt that great"
"thi jumpstart air compressor invert is of excel qualiti and use as mention in other review it would be nice if they includ an ac power cord and possibl dc powercharg cord for the price thi is fair larg unit and take up larg amount of room in trunk or the back of station wagonhatchback it charg fast and ha plenti of reserv power to start our motor home or inflat larg tire great carri handleupd 19 may 2011 the user manual wa miss now i need it to check someth item itself is pretti user friend tri to download manual on websit from manufactur upgicom but no manual or document avail from support none avail from energ tri googl no one ha upload manual yet final found support 800 number for upg inc which is also wholesaleretail sale number nice ladi answer she took my name email telephon address etc said she would look around for one and send it somehow if she find oneappar thi is market arrang where they buy the use of the energ name then import and distribut itdesign pretti good salesmarket good support not so good technic support essenti nonexist downgrad to two star will post anoth updat if i ever get the manual"
"thi is handi product i must say an allinon but the fact still remain that the power invert doe not last to one satisfact infact the power invert cannot fill air into new tyre that is on it disadvantag power invert doe not last"
"just got through use thi applic pad did not like it would not absorb the past wax such that i could not go veri far without have to dip back into the can again for more wax veri wast of my time and my wax my hand cramp while use it i now realiz that i prefer thinner padi see noth premium about it and i have use lot of applic over the year includ foam microfib and even the littl pad i got with my p21 concour wax all were better imo than thi one i like smart wax product but thi applic wa for me at least dudof cour your experi along with your wax may be differ"
"thi stuff dri way too faststay away unless you have buffer machin unimpress get mcguiar it soo much better"
"as most lock ga cap go it pain to use the thing and thi cap make it just bit more of pain about month ago i unlock the thing to put ga in sinc you need the key to even put the thing back on the car i poke the key back into the hole and turn it and began put it on as usual it kept lock caus it to spin freeli even though the key wa in and turn and then it unlock and stay that way and i use it for about week until i got anoth ga cap i wa afraid it wa go to lock and id have to pri the stupid thing off and noth would ever work on it again meh ill find way to make the door lockabl"
"it list at water resist but it is not water resistantit rain right now and i can see my motorcycl is cover in water no protect nadagreat fit great look cover for mayb dust and wind but not for rainplan to return and get someth with real water resist cover"
"i think thi is is dumb design you have to put the key in and turn and turn and turn and turn what it doe is unthread on small diamet bolt mayb 14 i get the impress that i need to put some silicon on it befor use it to keep it from corrod and rust it will probabl work fine to keep the hitch in the receiv but not conveni and i doubt these small thread would surviv good pri bar jmho"
"thi lock is adverti and label as fit class iii and iv hitch receiv it is also recommend by amazon to be purcha with the allen 2 bike hitch carrier although thi lock is solid construct the 58 diamet pin is too larg to fit either the allen 2 bike hitch carrier or ani class iii hitch receiv that ive ever seen amazon wa graciou about allow me to return it for full refund ive replac it with lock with smaller pin that actual doe fit class iii hitch receiv thi larg heavi lock wa appar design for class iv hitch receiv not class iii"
"thi product doe not deliv valu it is label as larg and have capac of 64 liter i had hope thi tote would live up to it adverti but it did not even come close i am still wonder what the purpo is for the clear top panel sinc it ha den white grid pattern and b it cannot be seen through the carri handl are inconveni and requir one to use two hand as they are place vertic at the midway point of each side veri awkward to carri anyth let alon full load the frame is not sturdi and you would not be abl to put anyth on top of thi the nonskid base doe not keep the tote in place as claim the final nail in the coffin is the price i find the 50 price tag almost laughabl sinc the item fall so short of it claim depend upon your need i would recommend use duffel bag or those plastic mold tote with lid if you need more support in both case you will save yourself some hardearn cash"
"i had high hope for thi product sinc keep thing organ in my trunk is challeng i have hatchback and alway keep the back seat fold down i am also not abl to fulli grasp the concept of travel light so there alway lot of stuff knock abouti have an organ that i realli like it made by rola their move model which come in variou size and is sold by amazon it ha moveabl divid collap and is perfect for keep groceri bag and the like secur in the trunk but it low so tall thing can toppl out i had been use an old plastic bin to carri taller item and thought the thule bag would be much betterwel it look nice but in term of actual use doesnt offer ani more valu than my 199 plastic bin the thule bin ha the capabl to collap but it somewhat ackward to do the metal rod are tough to wedg into place it twohand oper the rola design is much bettereasierth no divid within the bin nor are there ani pocket on the outsid it basic nylon repres of box with zipper on the top and handl on the side the base is nonskid but is not all that grippi stop short caus the bin to slide quit biti wish i could be more posit about thi sinc thule doe make some good product while thi is wellbuilt good zipper nice stich and qualiti nylon materi it need to go back to the draw board either add more valu to it by ad featur such as divid pouch etc or drop the price by way more than half as it stand if you buy thi your pay an aw lot for someth that is function equiv to plain box"
"thi is trapizodi box with zipper top there is wire frame you must push down to get it to stand up hint place it on hard flat surfac to get the wire side to stay in place there is zipper across the top handl on the side and cynch strap on each side to tighten i have no ideamin arriv incorrect assembl the cynch strap ran outsid the handl and made the handl unus i look at the pictur on the box and realiz the cynch strap were suppo to go insid the handl you cant unthread the cynch strap but you can unhook them from the bottom attach and rerun themth clear panel on top is not clear at all transluc mayb no chanc you can see what is insideth nonskid base is realli not veri effect at all especi becaus the smooth fabric from the side wrap around the bottom edgesi realli dont understand the purpo of thi cardbox would do the same thing in fact it might do it better thi ha trapizodi shape which is smaller on the bottom than the top thi great reduc your abil to put thing in the bottom it also on ha central zipper so you cant even open the whole thing up to put in tall itemsth are no intern divid and not even ani tie down point around the outsid to afix it to the floor of your trunkessenti you are buy fair ineffect box with thule logo on the outsid i for one am not at all impress with thi product and do not recommend it two star not one becaus the fabric zipper and over assembl are pretti high end"
"i thought thi would be the perfect organ of sort for my husband suv the size and descript seem perfect howev unless you plan on load the organizertot insid of the vehicl it is not veri easi to carri or transport the handl are awkward and the qualiti of construct just did not seem worth the price i agr with the other review who mention that amazon went overboard with noneco friend packag for mail the item unnecessari the box could have been ship in it origin packag as the item it is not breakabl and the cardboard box it wa pack in at the factori wa sturdi disappoint"
"my hilift with the cast base v the stamp doesnt fit veri well in thi not sure if i will end up use it"
"i couldnt see ani improv at all i sand i polish over and over again i got noth thi wa total wast of money"
"thi is the strangest offer yet by amazon vineth wiper are offer in pack of 1 and i wa not awar you could not order two of the same size i have gmc savana that requir two 22 blade i place the vine order for one and then found i could not order anoth obvious replac one wiper blade is not go to help what use is receiv just onei can buy anoth from amazon for approxim 17 but my anco wiper refil cost 6 and work fine we are not allow to return or give away vine merchandi so what wa thi offer good for"
"review of thi wiper blade wa enter in the autotex 18 by mistakehowev the same thing appli to thi offer you can get one blade but not two that are need vine should consid thi befor offer item like thisto purcha second autotex wiper blade via amazon would cost 3 time as much as i spend on wiper blade and i truli dont believ the autotex blade can wipe rain off my windshield three time fasternot good offer for amazon vine"
"i have been addict to meguiar gold class car wash for year and have never use anyth el it is fantast and give nice shine afterward as well the water bead up and it is veri easi to dri it seem as if it is shampoo and condit i went to the auto part store and found meguiar ultim car wash on sale for 799 and thought i would give it tri i wa bit disappoint it is strang yellow color and it is thick and i person did not care for the smell it clean veri well but it wa almost as if the wax wa gone after i use it the car wa not slipperi anymor it had am actual layer of water and not bead so it wa harder to dri as well even with an absorb i have on use it coupl of time on two differ car and i think that i am go to pass it up and go back to the gold class i may tri it onc more but if it produc the same result i am go to toss it out in the trash no wonder it is on sale ultim i dont think so"
"thi is an updat to my origin review in june 2010 which wa veri positivethi is nice product produc copiou sud that last good at clean the vehicl so noth new therehowev i alway wonder about the claim of the wash contain carnauba and polym sinc one normal ha to buff wax off the car just how did thi product leav these wax type finish on car whi wouldnt you have to buff thi after use itthen it occur to me my black car alway ha good wax finish do i need to be put someth from wash in addit to that when i wash car i hose it down mix up the sudsi shampoo wash all area squeegi off the water with silicon blade and finish up by wipe up ani remain dropletsmoistur with one of those damp chamwow type high absorb felt towel thi work fine but with the meguiar i alway had to follow up on the glass with an addit buf from bath type towel if i didnt buff the window even though they had been wipe clean of droplet by the chamwow they would be veri streakedspot in the direct sunlight so although i didnt see direct streak of the paint i have to assum that it had the same issu as the unbuf window given i wasnt buf the car paint itselfi actual had gone to buy new bottl of the meguiar hadnt paid much attent to price in that i alway want good shampoo but then i notic that thi product is twice the price of other name brand shampoo such as black magic and rainx plu thi product call for 1 oz per gallon wherea those other call for 1 oz per bucket so it actual four time the price of the othersso came back with the black magic which is just clean shampoo at 1 oz per bucket vs the maquiar 2 it foam veri well but didnt last quit as long but long enough to get the job done with foami soap i did notic that the window werent streak and car actual doe seem to have better shine but have to admit that could be wish thinkingso in conclus think thi product leav some sort of film on the car and not glassi one there are plenti of option out there at 14 the cost that leav no film if you are will to pay four time the price suspect you alreadi keep your vehicl wax so the dubiou benefit of thi product contain wax as protect is wast of money as well as leav less that sparkl clean finish on the car"
"price wa attract but veri poor qualiti construct materi i have not use becaus i am afraid it collap under high presion"
"garbag product i sprai it well until the can becam empti i have stuck brake dust just after 3 day of drive so the commerci is"
"i like how simpl thi product is to appli but notic that on my machin and partial paint wheel it dri visibl and requir lot of elbow grea to rub out complet to perfect finish i dont like to have to overwork ani product on my car not just out of lazi but the more aggress you have to rub anyth in risk scratch i didnt even finish use thi product i just threw what wa left awaynb onc it wa complet work in it doe leav the wheel bead so it work but there are other product out there that finish 34right34 first time without the extra labor requir"
"the review said that thi wa the best of the air pumpsi order it and return the pump without actual use itmi black and decker did not have as good of review as thi unit hadbut i didnt like not have the option of 120 volt plugsinc i wa go to give it as gift i want to make it as easi to use as possibleth idea of not be abl to plug it in to garag outletsinc you cant run the vehicl in garag in the time to fill the tire"
"i look at differ similar product and decid to pay extra to buy thi becaus i want someth that would last unfortun thi did noti use it when i first got it and it work fine i like the fact the hose clip on to the inflat valv and the gaug seem accuratei store it on my compressor over the winter and went to use it yesterday but couldnt the pressur relea button on the side had somehow fallen out of the bodi leav gape hole that let all the compress air escap there doe not seem to be ani way to repair or replac that part so now the whole thing is useless and total wast of money"
"amazon sent me previouslyreturn arb inflat and not surprising it hose leak it wa leak from where the silver hose connect to the silver bodi i return the arb and bought milton dual chuck tire inflat with gaug which use higherqu materi and higherqu construct though the arb ha few advantag in designth arb ha gaug that easier to read than milton the on problem is that the chuck on the arb air hose doesnt rotat like on the milton so you may need to clip the arb hose onto the air connector at an angl that make the arb gaug hard to readth milton chuck is open on both side of the tilt silver end which ive read mean you can push the milton hose into tight space and pull the chuck back onto an air connect appar thi is necessari on certain vehicl and equip if you dont need that featur then the arb clipon connector is probabl more conveni the clip itself feel littl weak and might break over time though if it did you could hold it against the air connectorth arb come with type d quick disconnect alreadi screw in but on the milton you have to suppli your own seal tape and screw in your own quick disconnectth arb ha button you can use to relea pressur from what your inflat but the milton ha no such featur i dont think it at all difficult to relea some pressur on the chuck and just let air escap from the tire and that probabl easier than use pressurerelea button anyway plu have button creat anoth point that can fail dure manufactur or after youv own the tool for awhil"
"after read the high review i wa expect good inflatorsad it is not veri good at all the needl jump and will often stick at the 60 psi mark i have to tap the gaug to get it to move the crimp is not that good and it will leak air when the hose is flexedi may have been unlucki or it may be sign of qualiti controli didnt need to use it for sever week after i bought it by which time is wa too late to returnveri disappoint with thi"
"broke quick after first usag and when it did work for littl while the read were off compar to two other guag i own slime and craftsman digit so it wa definit defect then it just quit read after month of veri light usag unhappi is an understat and hope these folk read these review and redesign thi product quit unhappi"
"ye it doe the job nice size easili latch on but what i find truli annoy is how long it take to reset back to zero it take like 10 second is that long time in the grand scheme of thing no but onc you get that initi figur let say 335 and ur goal is 32 psi it can take awhil to get down to that 32 i bought thi for my father in lawi have craftsman tire gaug that zero almost instant and it ha bleeder valv that let the air out and can see the psi love it guess i wa spoil as thi tekton gaug annoy me luckili i dont have to use it often dont get me wrong it isnt junk but just do not like it"
"greesi messi doesnt spread even and attract dirt use it to shine my tire until it gone becaus it worthless for anyth el"
"could not imagin that factori manufactur item can be so much off size of the socket too loo even for 78 and complet unacept for 22 mma mention in other review over socket will round the nut surfac sinc the full forc will be appli to veri small area of the edg"
"think fli paper when you buy thi item it is veri sticki which mean it attract everyth it also stick littl too well to dash and get worst when it is hot dash pull it up leav mark on your dash for few day i thought it would be friction mat not high sticki mat"
"the stem is somewhat loo and ha tendenc to move in the base l had wrap elect tape around that area to make it more stabl therefor im disappoint in thi item"
"the walex toi61776 elemon grey water deodor and cleaner work ok just ok for few day and i have to place more in the gray water tank i wish there wa product on the market that would work alittl longer but you have to rememb what your deal with34 roll outhouse34"
"after you purcha thi elbow you are abl to read the fine print and find that it contain lead i would rather not have lead in the connect to my fresh water system on my motor home but i have not die yet"
"thi is great idea but the one i receiv had sever pinhol leak not just seepag but small jet of water from bad cast"
"i return thi item becaus it contain lead in whi in thi day an age would someth with lead in it still be sold"
"got one of these when i blew out coupl hose due to high pressur while it did reduc the pressur it caus backflow problem that caus hammer pipe resolv that and the regul stop work turn out if it sit with backpressur on it it start to stick im on my second camco reg and it is now start to fail if you use thi lot i live in my rv so it get constant use go for good reg if you on use it occas thi is probabl fine"
"thi is well made water regul but it restrict the water flow to much so there is hard ani pressur in the camper basic wast of money imho get one with pressur gaug and that allow you to regul the actual water pressur"
"it just doesnt fit veri well hard to disconnect and had faulti connect typic low qualiti stuff from you know where basic you get what you paid for i high dont recommend thi terribl product"
"i tought im buy brand new idem but i gue i wa wrong thi wa priviusli use and it ha mark of wear all over it it make me sad i fall for such scam"
"got thi and just befor i took it out of the box return iti dont know what i wa think when i order thi it coupl of clamp with boltsnow that im look at it and think about it i just cant ration 50went down to low and got 2 clamp bolt and wing nut weld the wing nut to the clamp and have nice tube mount for the jeep under 1000on the rock crawler i just weld the 2 bolt direct to the roll cage under 500on one star not becaus of the qualiti of the item it is qualiti and veri well madei on gave it one star becaus thi item should sell for half the price"
"the product i receiv wa differ from the photo onlin even differ from the photo on the product box i sent it back to be replac and i got the same wrong product im sure i could have made it work but i dont like buy one item and get ship someth el twice"
"the adapt doesnt establish connect with the charg system in my bmw the tender jr work well when attach direct to the batteri but i cant get thi conveni cig lighter adapt to work"
"i bought thi cigarett lighter adapt so i could plug my deltran trickl charger into my car without have to rai the hood everi time the first time i plug it in the light on the charger lit up and i thought all wa well later i notic the light wa out so i check to see if my lighter socket still work with my gp and other devic and it doe not i check the fuse and it is not fuse it ruin the lighter socket i have not had it fix yet becaus the radio surround must be remov to get to it"
"i would not buy thi scraperbrush to replac my ga station cheapi the scraper is not so sturdi and while the brush head can be rotat it actual shorter than my cheapiealso it doe not extend wrong item i thought perhap there wa anoth on my newslett and i accid order it instead of the extend brush but there wa no other oxo snowbrush and the item im to review is an extend brush but mine isnt how i struggl tri to extend the grip from the handl until i realiz the way the handl is made it couldnt possibl extend and sure enough that white button toward the end of the handl that you can see in the product pictur is miss from my snowbrusha mistak can be forgiven and ive given favor review when ive bought one item and receiv anoth so long as form fit and function compli with the product descript thi doe notit good thing it ha that nice comfi oxo grip i need it for the extra time it take to brush the snow off my car and it earn thi item two star rather than one"
"the tiedown hole for the rope are in the complet wrong placethey are mount near the front mirror as oppo to be in the middl of the car the rope they give is entir too short and frustratingbi the time you reach the hole from undersid the car the hole you initi put the rope through ha fell outth worst part the elast bottom hem isnt even the whole way around but on on the front and rear of vehicl true qualiti car cover would have the elast bottom hem everywh around the cardefinit regret thi purcha"
"the idea while great is not the greatest in execut becaus the manufactur ha chosen to on make the tape 38 inch wide when you bend thi in half to fit your door edg it realli doesnt leav much to work withless than 216 inch on each side add to that the thick of the door edg and there is even less it amaz me how compani tri to save few fraction of penni to increa their bottom line and leav it to the consum to fend for themselv in thi case to instal thi to look nice while not have much to grab onto i on did about 8 inch of my door edg where my door would make first contact it clear so that good and my tape is near invi but good luck tri to tape thi down your entir door frame without mess up becaus it not wide enough"
"it thinner than i had expect on time will tell how it would hold up to my abusebtw i use solut from tint kit to put it on and it work fine it take lot of time and patienc to get it to stick to the edg curv of the door sill"
"without get too technic thi isnt the 507 spec that vwskodaaudiseat call for the m in the name and on the label mean it for merc i didnt see that until i order it i will keep it and sell it to merc owner hope it should be more easi to pick the right oil for car via amazon and via the oil and car compani"
"i hate these glasss they leak air around foam pad dont like the feel of them at all i dont know what el to write in order to leav thi comment"
"i read all the review and figur thi purcha is no brainer well i wa the except to the rule i guess to be fair i own ford flex and wa sent mat for ford f150 the mat seem like nice made product but not for my vehicl didnt fit at all sent em back and paid half the price for mat that were specif made for the vehicl"
"as hitch pin thi is great it fit my hitch just fineif you are use it to secur your hitch for short period of time thi will be fineth problem come if you are one of those peopl that leav their hitch on all the time i do thi to prevent peopl from ding me in the citi and be in the citi i need to lock my hitchth problem is that the lock will seiz up with water and road grime and it will be imposs to remov thi happen to me and i wa prepar to spent hour under my truck with grind wheel as almost an asid i start with hack saw and realiz that the pin is veri soft i wa abl to cut through half the pin in coupl minut by hand with dull hack saw then i took hammer whack it one way until it bent turn the pin around whack it the other way and it broke offso good for me that it didnt turn into cur fest butit also made me realiz that the lock will on keep honest peopl honest and now i have to buy new pin"
"i use thi product on myriad of leather around the hous and found that in near everi case the 34leather honey34 wa disappoint i bought 34leather honey34 for the purpo of renew an old pair of leather boot after follow the instruct and see absolut no differ i decid to tri it on varieti of other leather with littl or no result classic snake oil product"
"in an attempt to keep my new leather dash from ever get warp again i look into thi product given overwhelm number of posit reviewsa the name impli leather honey is thick transluc fluid that flow with consist not unlik corn syrupth instruct on the back readsleath honey revit stiff weather leatherand soften protect and extend the life of newleath may darken some leather but originalcolor usual return over time use on all typesof leather except suededirectionsnew leather use paint brush spong orlintfr cloth cover entir surfac area withleath honey at room temperatur the warmerth product the easier to appli allow minimumof two hour for absorpt prefer overnightand wipe off excessus leather clean surfac with mild soap andwarm water allow to dri follow instruct fornew leather if necessari appli addit coatsus on as directednot for retail unless authorizeda littl goe long wayso with that i left my car to warm up nice in the sun befor appli the product my car interior color were mixtur of black and light creme leather i test the product on nonconspicu leather spot behind my seat and all wa safe it didnt chang the colormi first impress wa the smell it doesnt smell horribl but it ha smokey smell to it veri hard to describ when appli the smell is veri light and not too appar but out of the bottl it ha strong burntsour chemic smell to it i get the impress they were tri to simul the smell of natur treat leather it will be entir up to you to decid how compat thi leather is with your product in case of my car interior i didnt mind it as i believ the smell would mix right in with that new car smell i just wouldnt call it pleasantnext upappl as i appli the leather honey onto clean microfib cloth to my surpri it wa clear as water but thick like syrup even though my car wa nice warm up from the sun the product laid down thick there wa an immedi tacki as the towel move across the surfac of the leather i can see whi peopl say thi product isnt oili becaus oil is slipperi when appliedstil i will be complet straight with you contrari to what other review have state the the product is oili veri oili but not in that slipperi way it leav the leather glisten even as i turn the towel to wipe off the excess the leather wa glisten that may be fine for thing like shoe but for car leather especi dashboard it not good as instruct i left the product on the leather to absorb overnight and on the follow day i went over everyth again with dri towel still my leather wa left feel oili and still glisten when i took the car out for drive the spot where my elbow normal touch the window sill wa veri hot to the touch as you may or may not know oili thing heat up veri quick ever microwav someth oili like croissant ye it take on few second anyway remov my elbow it left dull spot i took my dri towel and tri to wipe away the dull spot but it didnt go away my elbow had pull the oil right out of the surfac of leather so ye thi product is veri oili and terribl choic for car leather i also notic that the smudg left behind on window glass when my towel rub up against it unavoid were not easili wipe away in fact the on way to get rid of it wa to use glass cleanerbecaus it is oil base thi product is certain capabl of restor dri weather leather the downsid is that it left my car leather oili im sure my leather love it but but i didnt and it leav slight tacki to the leather that i found veri unapp to sit insummaryi can see how thi product will rock for maintain shoe and pur which explain the numer posit review but it is not at all good product on leather which your skin touch on regular basi your skin give and absorb oil too and when it touch someth treat with leather honey it will take away some of that oil leather honey is veri thick and oili i laugh now think about the recommend of use brush in the instruct that would have been nightmar to reduc down to an even layer on one hand if you dont put enough on it wont do ani good for the leather but if you do it veri veri oili and take mani goover to get thing to an accept state and even after that your left with tacki unclean feel leatheri would not at all recommend thi leather product for car or jacket sorri as much as i love the name and the idea behind leather honey i must warn all car lover to steer away from thi product i would recommend use zymol leather creme condit it smell better goe on easi and wipe off without the issu i had with leather honey i end up use it to restor my interior the way it wa befor i appli leather honey i realli hope leather honey wa better product than what i wa use but it wasntat least not for what i bought it foroh ye i did mention jacket didnt i ye i appli leather honey to my jacket at the same time it wa mistak it too wa left feel slight tacki it wa an 800 levi made and craft leather motorcyclestyl jacket like babi butt sheepskin soft anyway im sure with time the tacki will go away and im left with healthier leather jacket i wont be do that that againanyway thi ha been my honest review of leather honey i hope it wa help thank for readingif you have ani addit tip or suggest for me on the product or my review id love to hear it leav me comment thank again"
"leav sticki finish on my sofa and doe not protect against mild dew i use meguiar car leather cleaner and condit thi realli clean my sofa well and doesnt leav oili surfac meguiar reduc the mild dew problem signific"
"im not sure if it is factori defect or it is suppo to be like that when i shook the filter with my hand i could hear wobbl noi from the insid the insid of the filter i could move it back and ford with my finger i have use wix mobil 1 porul kn and none of them i could move thing insid the filtercan anyon confirm it is normal befor i put it on my car thi is my first rp filter i will just toss it away and forget about it if it is defect never again rp filter 12thanksupd i talk to rp custom support and thi is hi repli if you have similar problem do not put thi filter on your car have good daygood morningthi doesnt sound right plea repli with the filter part number and your locat we would like to get thi filter back for inspect and would happili replac it for youthank for choo royal purpl and have great daybest regardschristoph barkertechn servic"
"i bought the full set of these and in tripl quaniti due to tv muscl car recommend no wonder local auto part store dont carri thi product it stain my dash and speedomet plastic leav residu in windsheild over spray"
"i order 6 of these and it didnt last use them onmi new dodg ram 1500 and it wa disappoint on new goodyear tire i went with duplicolor tire spray and it last soooo much longer"
"i order thi for 2008 honda civicthi valv will not screw into the oil pan becaus the spot where the plug is locat is recess and the valv cant turn in that space"
"i cannot tell the differ between use thi cleaner and use just soap and water the scrubber brush is nice"
"i bought thi product to use withgriot garag 11044 long last tire dress 16 oz while the tire dress is fine product thi detail spong suck everi time i use thi my hand end up cover in the tire dress i havent found way to hold thi that your hand doesnt get fulli grea with productordinarili id give such product 1star but they say it work for interior dress as well mayb it better at that for tire applic spend your money on theeagl one 5010602 tire swipe 2 per poli baginstead they work great and can be cut in half to handl low profil tire"
"i actual have the wash pad and they are not realli effect becaus they hold so much water that they becom heavi and cumbersom to use especi on the side and lower part of your vehiclealso they take forev to dri one time i accid put them away in contain when i thought they were dri but the insid wa still moist the next day they smell like moldyou could toss these in the dryer but it would take forev to dri when you leav them out to dri they take few day to complet dri befor you can put them back in storagea far as wash abil i wasnt impress they dont lather up proper and i feel like everi time i go over the paint i am move water around and not enough soapmi favorit car wash spong is the zymol spong you can get it for like 8 buck on ebay it is made from higher qualiti spong materi it is the perfect size and it just make car wash so much easier microfib is good for lot of thing but i think good qualiti spong is best for wash i actual like the spong better than sheepskin mitt griot use to sell superior sheepskin mitt which i have and still usei will admit that these micro fiber mittspad look realli cool and they feel great when they are dri but onc you drop them in the water they becom so heavi that you cant effici use them you might feel otherwi but i have feel if you use these you will encount the same problem i had imo good qualiti wash spongecloth should be lightweight when load with water and soap so that when you are wash your vehicl you are abl to produc lather thi wash mittpad becom so heavi when load with water that it is not abl to effect do thati dont recommend thi product to wash your car"
"i bought these mitt for the high review but i wa insan disappoint in the first minut i knew i hate them when i soak them in the soap and water i pull out what felt like set of 10 lb dumbel my arm were exhaust and just to give them anoth chanc i tri them on anoth wash i threw them in the trash i wouldnt even be okay give them to friend becaus i wouldnt wanna put them through it"
"sinc griot make you buy thi separ i thought it would be good product not so thi sprayer didnt make it through half the bottl when the seal broke the speed shine is great productbut the sprayer is crap save your money and just pour the speed shine in an empti windex bottl like i had to do"
"there no fine mist set on these sprayer it goe from close to sloppi spray i appli the major of my detail liquid to pad or towel and fine spray would realli cut down on wast product it conspiraci yeah just go to your local hardwar store buy cheap spray bottl and transfer your liquid to those these sprayer are low qualiti and sad i have like 10 of them right in the garbag they will gonot recommend"
"ive bought five of these over the last 2 year for variou bottl of griot product i use and so far four of them have blown their intern seal and now leak fluid all over my hand as i spray thi is after mayb dozen use sometim less if these sprayer were includ with the product it wouldnt be so bad but sinc griot sell them separ thi is inexcus that they call them the finest sprayer just make it wor ive found the sprayer i can get at my local home improv store for half the price includ bottl are superior to thi one ill continu to use griot other product but for sprayer ill look elsewh"
"if thi is their finest i am plea that i have not experienc their worst although griot ha some good productsand some not so goodthi one is miser when use thi with speed shine it just lay big goober of liquid on the car which then run off everywh i have tri sever of those that i havei onc bought 3 of themand they all fail i have friend who detail car and he said that their old sprayer were fine but that he too hate thi oneand he is real griot bigotcheck out chemic guy for realli good onehowev some of their product too leav much to be desir but their sprayer is good in the veri fine control mist that it lay down"
"after use thi clay i just assum clay wa pain to use but after tri differ brand i know better thi clay fall apart while tri to use it it also is veri mild clay which isnt bad thing but if you want better result i recommend anoth brand"
"i found thi to be too soft everythin on your hand and nail as such it doesnt pick up everyth either i had to go over the same surfac 2 to 3 time to get glossi smooth finish also the yellow color on the clay seem like ad paint color it start come off of the clay when go over the surfac not good"
"my experi is probabl the except sinc thi unit ha been bought by sever hundr peopl and ha 4 star plu rate open the packag and lift out thought i had babi rattl thi is an electr devic it shouldnt have loo piec insid think electr short and blow up expen electron i didnt even tri to plug it in im not blame the seller thi is manufactur qualiti control issu unit packag arriv intact"
"not as flexibl as i thought it would be can be sand bu if join two edg togeth simpl crack as oppo to total separ part it wa failur plastic bond open up along crack liewant to make plastic tab join to larger partaft have 1 inch crack re appear on flat surfac doubt thi will do addit infotri to use to attach differ plastic togetrh not effectivethi stuff is useless for ani repeat ani bond of plastic end up like like glaze putti no perman adh and break off easilyi ould rate thi stuff zero star if possibeugh"
"went on easi enough and dri to hard materi but did not work well on the type composit i wa work with which wa an old pellet gun stock it doe state may not bond some type of materi and i guess thi wa one of them"
"i bought thi as substitut for lambswool mitt but thi wash mitt is too larg and it veri heavi and clumsi when wet there an inner line that prevent spin the mitt on your hand to expo the unus side becaus thi inner line cling to your handalso the microfib 34fingers34 can easilti catch on car trimi wont be use thi again to wash my car"
"i bought thi stuff and it didnt clean anyth off my chrome rim worthless crap wouldnt mind get my money back for thi red bottl of goop"
"not good for clean tub i believ the descript said it would work on tubsbathroom thi took lot of elbow grea to do anyth i end up use thedico 541786212 nyalox cup brush 212inch blue 240 grit which work great"
"thi pump is not near as good as i wa lead to believeit leak the car wash liquid and microfib deterg so even after you are done it continu to drip make big mess mayb it work better with someth thicker like waxi regret my purcha and would have been better off just pour the liquid out of the contain instead"
"well at least ive never heard that befor but i will say it about thi product the jack wa unab to lift my car high enough for the 2 ton jack reccomend along with thi product so unless you have dam even driveway get jack that can lift littl bit higher"
"all is good except the outlet hole is too smallit would be perfect if they made the hole bigger"
"if there are ani area that you miss and do not rin befor it dri thi soap leav major water spot and no it not my water sinc my water measur just 4070 ppm on the td scale for miner depositsth water spot can happen if you are soap the car in the sun and it is allow to dri on the car or if you simpli do not wipe down the insid of your door jam well etciv definit had better luck with other car wash soap"
"im big fan of chemic guy product but id have to say these applic are just wast of money and wast of time to use the most notic problem with thi poarticular product are the blue plastic sleev which hold the foam applic as seen in the product picturealmost immedi upon contact with the tirerubb surfac the foam come out of the plastic sleev and doe so repeated i tri applic with sever differ piec and it happen over and over with each of themcolor me unimpress with thi product dont wast your moneythey look nifti and fanci but they are hard that if you want qualiti chemic guy applic get the green and black contour applic which are also in thi section they are superbth ill just mark them down as an abherr"
"i am total unimpressedi ride motorcycl and as most peopl who ride use waterless carcycl wash product all the time i have tri mani mani differ varieti and most are along the line of thi product griot garag 11285 sprayon car wash kit they leav much to be desir leav bug and road grime and leav lessthan shini end resultthat said the towel are greatth price is 2999 for one bottl and three towel thi is far overpricedmi recommendationget the ez detail it awesom it appli even clean bug and road grime and leav shini bike you can see it here but you can get it direct from their websit by the case that what i doez wax 579221 detail waterless clean wax 4 packi think that if you buy them from the home site they sometim send free towel with the order cyclic special offeri hope thi save you 30 buck lol"
"thi kit come with sever microfib cloth larg jug of interior cleaner and pretti sizabl bottl of leather care spray which wa impress but over im go to ere on the side of caution with thi particular leather kit it say it wont harm factori dy leather but after market leather is up for grab it doesnt state what the ingredi are anywh on the bottl or packag but it clear ha veri strong alcohol and chemic smell to the like of hospit cleaner the smell dissip after about 10 minut but i wouldnt say you have brand new leather smell afterward i have no doubt it will clean leather to within an inch of it lfe but condit leather to suppl soft with moisturi not so muchi have not had the horror stori some may have had with it strip the leather but i believ it possibl base on the smell if you choo to tri it definit make sure you spot test an inconspicu area first and make sure your area is well ventil i think thi would work wonder if your deal with musti or mildewi smell either way i would recommend condit lotion and not the leather care spray after clean ive tri sever leather cleaner and condit from coat and shoe accessori to blue magic to other name brand with decent result and noth that potent in smell i have to believ someth that smell that industrialalcohol laden cant be good for your leather long term"
"for thi price and qualiti and the buzz i expect more the wiper is realli like ani other out there so noth special about that especi if you treat the window with the rainx yourselfbut given it larg length it loo friction toward the tip you can see that it leav some water behindupd the wiper is loo traction and even after clean the blade it still doesnt wipe as well as it did the first day thi is bad sinc ive on use it coupl of time in the past 3 month of purcha"
"onc winter hit and the road salt got on the blade they began caus lot of smear i would high recommend rainx latitud but not thi"
"these wiper are noisi and leav streak i could tell they werent well made right when i took them out of the packag you get what you pay for"
"i thought thi compani wa consist with their product valu not on did i get plastic hook that i can bend with my fingertip instead of last year metal hook i found out they lower their price 3 buck 2 week after i bought thi just recentlythank for the lesson"
"i purcha thi and 1 other cargo net at the same time becaus i wa littl worri of the potenti that one of them might be cheap and untrustworthi i wa about to ride 1600 mile on my motorcycl and didnt want to worri about my net break thank god becaus thi one is terribl youll notic that there are 2 differ net pictur on thi product page one with thick plasticlook hook and anoth pictur with veri thin metallook hook the net that arriv wa the veri thin one the packag read bicycl cargo net not what i would consid heavi duti enough to use on my motorcycl for 2 more you can find cargo net on amazon that actual are heavi dutyi find myself wonder if the posit review actual receiv the net with the thicker hooksmi recommend spend the extra coupl dollar and get the better net here oneb003m694t2"
"thi is not yellow it is clear 60 no use for exchang brake fluid in systemi want yellow or blue to see exchang fluid not possibl with thi itembewar you wil be unabl to return thi can through amazon"
"i had cloudi not yellow headlight on an rx330 bought the kit hope to get good result cloudi of the len wa partial remov to about 50 better than it wa i follow step close at the end the plastic len had more notic fine scratch than befor basic thi is fine sandpap system it seem the final coat is just an oil base gel that make the plastic look wet and shini but i doubt it will last more than week not fulli happi with the result on whim i got out my novu kit 123 that i bought on amazon for plastic on my boat and around the home i gave the len good novu 3 rub then 2 then the final polish coat novu 1 honest i think my result were much better than with the rain x kit less scratch and seem more effect i think the novu 123 kit cost around 12 but i cannot rememb as it wa few year ago"
"either buy new light cover or deal with have dim light thi should have travel carniv with it not worth it wouldnt use product even if it wa free"
"the carb spout is difficult to use and near worthless it on is leakproof in the extend outsid posit the spout is not leakproof when store insid the can and when remov ga drip everywh the voc or volitil organ compound permeat through the plastic over timei tri the camper fuel primu and msr bottl but they are aw expensivenow i use the empti can from the fuel south trufuel premix 501 product that i use for my 2 cycl string trimmer and lawn blowertrufuel 50fuel premix 501 2 cycl fuel 6 quart cansth can are under 6 each after sale tax at either low or home depotthey are dot approv for transport gasolin they are tin line steel so there is no voc permeat through their wallsthey come with lock child resist safeti cap remov the cap and it pour easili into the motorcycl ga tank no funnel or carb spout is neededi do need funnel to fill them howeverthey are one quart each carri as mani as you needbest thing is that they are free and save me have to recycl them or to put them in the trash to be place in landfil"
"terribl qualiti these towel leav behind ton of lint and immedi began to becom threadbar after on few month and limit use most of these towel are destroy"
"i bought thi on the recommend of review i had read on forest river owner groupfrogwebsit about protect your camper plumb when hook to shore water suppli after attach it for the first time it reduc the pressur to such low level that there wa hard ani water come through the faucet i had to remov it to get decent water flow perhap the shore water pressur is alreadi set at the correct pressur my camper alreadi ha water pressur reduc built in but the valv prove useless for me wast my money"
"it leak right out of the box the littl hole on the top someon suggest it wa the diaphragm that wa protect our water line i find thi hard to believ sinc we have been setup at the same site for sever week prior to buy thi regul amazon did their part and gave me refund i am go to email valterra just to see what they have to say for the price i had high expect"
"it doe good job of regul water pressur i gave it 2 star rate becaus the pressur gage quit after about 7 month after i got it call valyerra and explain the problem they said they would send me new gage that wa 6 month ago so i email them still no respon"
"i bought thi base on all of the good review and i wa quit disappoint when i receiv the product the finish seem decent and ha good heft to it but the receiv is entir too small and it ha lot of play in the hitch furthermor where the receiv get narrow to allow for the dring to instal mine wa complet off center and uneven and ye thi is made in china"
"so thi hitchshackl is veri well construct but ha huge flaw the edg of mine arent round over and it wont fit in my receiv i have standard hitch receiv i think made by ree which ha roundededg squar open not perfect squar i guess they tri to save cost by just use squar bar stock what pita"
"unlik other review i would have to say i have been veri disappoint with thi product i have purcha two of them and one seem to be okay the second wa more than 510 psi off accur measur i check it against the first unit and complet differ manufactur measur even the rather crude gaug on my air tank measur more accur than thi gaug at thi price the gaug should be veri accur and reliabl not the case for me"
"i use 3 can of thi low grade junk clearcoat after appli the basecoat it wa like glass when appli and finished2 hr later it wa like satin finish looka dull shinec duplicolor for refundstil waitingthey blow"
"i use thi product on fender of 2004 i knew it would not be perfect match but thought it would be closer i probabl would have been almost as close look at the color of cap on the spray paint in walmart thi product would be better for use in less visibl i touch up small area under the door and that isnt bad"
"instal to the park light and fender light direct didnt match my vehicl seem like the direct were for an older model jeep wrangler i manag to get the park light cover on but not the fender signal cover need to updat your inform rug ridg"
"i got these todayand tri to put on car well guess what the hole at the attach point are way too small big surpri i would guess all these would be standard size so bewar folk thi make them useless for me"
"it is hard to appli film your self might be better to let the profess do it i gave up after while"
"i wa abl to program the two remot i got and went through the process sever time some of the time the remot didnt transmit onc program they take sever tri right next to my truck to get them to work they wont work from ten feet away like my factori remot doe put in fresh batteri didnt helpwhil they may work for other theyr useless for my 2009 f150 buy at your own risk"
"the moment i took these out of the packag and felt how abra they were i suspect that they would scratch alloyclear coat wheel so instead of first tri them on my 3k present instal lexani i tri them on one of my winterwheel beyern the wheel is clean alright but lo and behold that wheel now ha hundr of microfin scratch all over it the materi is just way too abra for alloyclear coat wheel it liter feel like the scrub brush we use to clean the showeranyway theyr great for clean calip so ill use them for that"
"my wheel have larg open between the spoke so i guess i didnt think out my purcha proper when buy thisif you have smaller open it may suit you but for me it just doesnt cover enough 34real estate34 for the work i have to do when i use it"
"you get what you pay for and the price on these should be 0 crack from the sun and discolor almost immedi bought new set by adco and the differ is night and day the adco product are bit more money but worth everi penni"
"the compani delet my review so i am repost it packag wa cheap and the whole led feel cheep and flimsi 2 out of the 8 didnt even work ye i know on one side is posit and i did flip them around veri cheap product i would honest on expect to pay about 5 for it"
"the product came in doa flip the bulb and still did not work after tri mani time i believ it is contact problem the plastic fit wa too small in order to make proper metal to metal contact for t10 bulb i would recommend jtech where i did not have ani problem with their similar led bulb have said that dome light bulb work fine"
"these work well but mine are veri blue not white they look kinda of white in the day light but veri blue at nightupd these start to flicker after about two month of use junk"
"ok so sinc ive purcha i had coupl get realli hot on me and begin to smell of burn plastic and 2 which is also import is there not veri bright there ye high power but with cheaper smd what shame well lesson learn and superbrightl is the way to go except there alittl pricey but the smd are veri bright and wont burn"
"upon all the led light bulb ive been buy thi prove to be the most reliabl it ha veri strong light penetr and last long though it break easili if not handl proper two of mine got broken while tri to insert them in their posit"
"ive had lot of luck with led auto bulb off amazon these were the except i put these in my ford ranger and on 1 out of the 4 work had to return for refund"
"veri poor madeim go to give them 2 day befor i request refund well wait and see if they last they were instal in my licen plate and bare got them to work had to play around with the socket for them to fit im100 sure if i hit bump theyll come loo and turn off"
"i found these light to be not quit as bright as regular 194 wherea there are plenti of 194 led replac light that are just as bright also i bought 12 of these 3 pack of 4 and three of them did not work 25 doa rate is littl too high for my like no i did not contact the compani to get my few dollar back"
"if your rv weigh over 250 pound these will warp and give way under the weight i have lighter fifth wheel and these dont do anyth but buckl under the weight of the trailer and sink right into whatev ground they are on even on cement pad they stink i went back to use precut hardwood plank and board and am glad i did dont wast your money on these piec of junk even the storag bag they come in is cheap flimsi and tore after one use"
"i wa realli hope that these would put out some good light but i found them to provid less light than the origin"
"i do not own these and never will for good reasonani bulb with blue tint to it will have signific lower light output it best just to use regular clear one rather than these with blue tint to the glass"
"first of all there is slight differ in light output whiter than normal but to get that whiter look your gonna have to go to the 5000k diamond vision rang which turn out to be illeg here in australia best to check on your local law the beam output length is the same as oem and thi becom shorter as you go whiter in light these light are pretti much for look although whiter light ha more clariti you sacrif beam length for whiter light inten hid howev are the oppositeit is true what peopl have said about the life of these bulb they have none think of your normal oem bulb then reduc the life of that bulb by 75 that is pretti much all you can expect out of these dont be surpri if they blow after go over bump in the road ive been experi with few bulb out there although phillip do make veri good long life bulb in the 3300k light offer 120 longer beam these whiter bulb 4000k 6000k just dont last and will end up cost you fortun in replacementsosram bulb are much more durabl from what i have found still on my first set of osram nightbreak unlimit have last me 8 month and they do have 20 whiter light ratinglet get seriou if you realli crave that white light for your car research hid xenon kit i know the white light is cool but be sensibl and kind to your back pocket unless you have cash to burn"
"i wa extrem care with instal these bulb but upon test out the bulb i found out that one of bulb might have been damag upon remov the bulb i had found out that bulb wa coat with weird materi i have instal and remov larg number of bulb so i do not think it relat to instal issuenow i am stuck with one usabl bulb out of two"
"these are not hid like they are not even id without the hthey are not whiter not brighter and not even better than stockdont wast your time on theseth other rate you read here must have been paid for move on and dont buy these i just save you 30 buck"
"which is true if i wa chang the fog light while order the high beam the configur guid suggest these as low beam not veri good symmetri when obviou i wa replac high beam headlight not my fog light seem well made and great packag and amazon wa great about take back"
"dont wast your money on these bulb i instal them in my grand prix and saw no improv just dent in my wallet dont fall into the hype like i did"
"i wa look forward to brighter vision especi on some 2lane blacktop highway that i travel realli disappoint with these bulb as they dont seem ani better than the origin light in my 98 ford f150 in order to get better vision i final instal halogen drivingfog light and that solv the problem i do not recommend these bulb not worth the extra money"
"my last set of bulb from sylvania were brighter than these and last 5 month longer the four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint"
"im tri them one more time then that it we bought these last juli now 13 month later one burnt out they put out great light at night but have life of on year is pathet mayb i got bad one becaus on one burnt out and no it wa not from touch the bulb when i instal ani auto light i do it with fresh pair of clean glove on my hand to prevent skin oil transfer i will tri them one more time and then move on to differ bulb if they burn out in such short time again"
"these are great deal to replac stock bulb but if you are expect whiter light dont bother with these i instal the philip bulb in one side to compar with the stock no differ what so ever trust me these are not ani whiter color than stock"
"eh i have 2005 acura rsx and these light look ident to the stock headlight in the car wouldnt recommend these as they dont seem brighter or anyth of the sort wast of money in my opinion"
"i know these are tricolor so depend on what angl you are at in front of them they yellow is too domin i have veri white led fog light and they make these headlight look like yellow fog they are bright enough to light up the road but next time ill get whiter bulb"
"i purcha thi for my 2003 silverado 1500 as recommend i also purcha the updat thermostat hous as gm updat it for 0405 model everyth went perfect with the instal until i put the thermostat on i had the torqu wrench set to 15 lb as requir and the first bolt head broke off befor even get to the tq spec i then had to remov the part go to local part store and pickup nongm part sad when i instal the waterpump thi time i reus the factori bolt everyth is fine nowsad that i went threw the effort to by the gm canadian part as oppo to chine on to find that they includ some cheap bolt made of tin"
"thi hitch is complet po the pin box the 234 receiv box wa weld in crook it wa so bad i could tell immedi with the nake eye upon test fit i verifi how crook the receiv wa with level it wa off at least 1434 absolut no excus for thi poor workmanshipeven for chinesemad product mount trailer to thi hitch would have been unsafei learn my lesson no more will i opt for the cheapest price item rug ridg should be asham of themselv for allow thi unit to be sold with their name on it"
"i orderd at least 4 none work until the final tryit work but ha no intal help like other have they all had bad disc"
"so i bought thi for my 2011 jk it doe not fit like it should in my opinion ye i had to remov the bar under the seat no big deal but i had to loosin up my front to seat bolt just to slide thi thing in an im 58 so i ride with my seat like half way back aan thi stick out like 35 inch out from under my seat an i couldnt push it back anymor due to the frame part of the seat i mean i still instal it an it hold my glock 23 perfect an there plent of room for more stuff i almost wish it wasnt so deep my pistol slide to the back an i have to reach my hand in there to get it the drawer on open up 12 way so the other 8 inch is mysteri thing could easliy turn intop pain to get out"
"i purcha set of these for my 2013 subi outback26 driver 19 passeng even though amazon fitment said it wouldnt fit and they fit perfect ive read all the review about the wiper not make contact with the center of the windshield but as far as my outback goe they make full contact all the way across and are veri quiet i just got home liter an hour ago after drive in sever weather consist of mixtur of ice sleet and snow and im veri happi with the perform im not sure how long they will last but i hope to get at least winter season out of them in my opinion these blade might be better suit for windshield that are design with veri littl curvatur i also have 2001 chevi malibu and on mani occa over the year ive had to be veri select when purcha blade becaus of the inward curv of the windshield so whi on 4 star dont know how long they will last if i get full season out of then ill updat my scoreupd 6282013 i had to remov these wiper from my subaru outback after few month becaus they start make lot of noi while in the rain i tri clean the blade multipl time and noth work they continu to clean effect but the contact noi wa not toler they are also slight shorter than oem and it wa caus my onboard colli avoid system eyesight to disabl dure rain becaus it would not clear len area effect i reinstal the oem wiper and all is well from now on ill stick to subaru oem wiper"
"put thi on my 2005 toyota priu and it worthless doesnt touch the windscreen in the center 23 inch thi leav big wet streak right in your field of view stand still or t highway speed no differ"
"thi wiper did not fit 2006 cadillac st even thought it say it doe the adapt did not work"
"these had no effect and did noth on the led light i bought and on the one i alreadi had veri poor product i wire them up just as the instruct said so i had to send these and the bulb back becaus they flash to fast"
"im car guy who use to own custom detail shop and who ha hi car detail regular so im go to be harsh critic of thi type of productthi is not kit that you would keep in your glovebox for quick cleanup in fact it doesnt even includ ani cloth thi is realli just trial pack with 2oz of five of their product probabl intend to get you to buy larger quantitiesth product areal purpo spraywindow clear spraydashboard protect spraycarpet upholsteri sprayleath care creamthey all work ok not great but they are also all scent some are lemonorang scent other are lavend scent all smell pretti bad in my opinion if i walk out of my detail shop after pay few hundr buck and my car smell like thi i would not be happymi on real concern wa the leather care it seem to be veri oili and not realli like leatheriqu saddl soap or other product i usethi stuff might be ok for 90 of peopl drive around in ordinari car but if you are someon who realli pay attent to car detail you actual own an orbit polish thi is probabl not for you"
"my review basic say it all i did not have chip i had spider web crack about 1 inch by 1 inch thi did noth for it"
"thi product is ok but to be honest it can on fix crack mayb 13 of size of penni i use it and it wa quit useless for the crack on my windshield i even bought two and basic you can on use it onc and that is it then it is useless i cannot recommend it base on my experi but if you have tini tini tini tini crack that doe not even requir fix thi mayb your solut"
"thi stuff didnt work at all the intruct were bit hard to understand but onc figur out the product wa piec of garbag anyway didnt realli make differ if anyth made the problem wor"
"not near as bright as other ive seen the origin incandesc light assembl wa lot brighterth gasket doe not fit snugg in the hole open allow the light to just sit loo in it it would eventu fall out i wa abl to use my origin gasket but again the bright is the main issu should be twice as bright"
"use thi kit wa lot easier than i expect and the result were pretti amaz it wa definit bit of mess but well worth it i honest think it took about as long to mask off the headlight with blue painter tape as it took to do the headlight sand and buf the sandpap handl couldv been better as mine broke apart onc i wa done with the first sand stage make sure to appli the uv protect about onc month or your headlight plastic will mostlik start to suffer againedit 1514 sinc my origin review the headlight are now back to their old yellowi gross appear thi wa after method applic of the uv protect id say over the likenew appear last for just over two month what letdown"
"as titl say i did not see ani differ even after appli for long time it would probabl work better on older paint meguiar should have specifi in the descript that thi product is not recommend for good condit surfacesi do not recommend thi one"
"thi should have post the gaug for the wire which would help decid if it will work for you i would recommend do more research befor purcha"
"these are just too thin to hold much remov wax and if your go to do the job proper youll find yourself chang pad dozen time while do the whole car easier to just use some good microfib towel and hand buff"
"if you want bonnet with the textur of use kitchen towel and like to add swirlscratch to your car than thi is the product for you it is by far the worst qualiti i have seen thi isnt even microfib or clear coat safe i can find softer materi to use on my car at 99 cent store the blue pad are serious the same materi the dentist use as bib for patient it feel like cheap plastic sheet of foam and the white buf pad feel like dri up use rag you would use for clean kitchen counter dont wast your money on thi cheap repres shame on you turtlewax for allow such garbag product to be under your name brand"
"i on got to check it out coupl second when i touch it to the contact in my truck dome light it wa bright clean light definit what i wa look for but when i wa instal it one of the contact snap off the circuit board the end contact are on attach via solder connect and it didnt take much for that to break look like ill just get regular incandesc bulb from an auto part place disappoint"
"i bought thi main for charg my appl laptop and it didnt work i never tri it for anyth el so i cant comment on whether it work for other applic i wa disappoint becaus i thought for sure that thi one would work after tri other with lower wattag i end up send it back"
"the first thing i notic wa that there wasnt seal around the len to the hous and that let water into the hous after the first rain stormth second problem wa that the left one develop crack in the len and there is no visibl sign of impactth third thing wa that the light shake when go over bump and that is do to lite and weak plasticth fourth thing is the bulb are not halogen and produc yellow light instead of whitei end up buy anoth lamp from anoth compani and that whi i can compar the qualiti of both lampsi of cour have instal these light to find all of the imperfect and can not return them so i am out of 50 buck buyer bewar"
"asphault smell to it stunk up the car lot also rather thin so not optim for coverag spend the extra money on stinger roadkil product ha zero smell is much thicker and doesnt cost that much more anyon who done these instal know the pain is get your innard out to access the sheet metal whi go through that and instal someth substandard on point would be to have thi appli to somewh ventil like outsid of the interior of car or industri useedit thi start fall off some panel dure winter with temp routin in the 30 i have to lower the rate anoth notch junki"
"got thi to keep my lawn mower maintain i keep it outsid most the year and wa surpri to read that thi product is not intend for outdoor use call the compani and they explain thi product is design to be use insid vehicl kind of defeat the purpo of thi product"
"i am rate the product one star to draw attent to my review the blade itself is good the materi construct and water remov are all good i tri the c19ub on the passeng side of my gs350 and it work as well as the 24 factori one on the driver side the anco blade is mold with spoiler which make it similar in appear to the factori wiper of the gs350 which is the holder and the refil assembl if i were to rate the product id rate it 3 star for the high cost not justifi by ani addit benefit over the factori blade refillth two point i want to make are1 attent must be paid to letter oe or ub at the end of the blade model i suggest use the amazon fit guid at the top of the product page or visit anco websit to find specif model that will fit your vehicl i order c20oe and c26oe from amazon vine which did not have the benefit of the amazon fit guid for the 2009 toyota highland and they do not fit i order oe blade think oe stood for origin equip my famili own and previous own toyotalexu car and i am on familiar with the cane handl type of windshield wiper arm anco oe blade will not fit thi type of connector addit the product descript say that the blade ha an oestyl spoiler so it is even more confus what oe in the model number refer to anyway toyota and lexu have cane handl type wiper arm and on blade model end in ub will fit thi connector2 i think these replac blade are just too expen i usual buy wiper blade refil at the dealer for about ten dollar for two these blade cost two to three time that depend on the avail of rebat i tri c19ub alongsid with the factori 24 blade on my gs350 and i did not find anco blade to clean the windshield ani better than the factori blade doe on one of my previou car i tri valeo 900 ultim blade similar to anco contour i had the same opinion that although these replac blade work well they do not work better than factori refil and their high cost make them unapp to me i do not find that at 23 time the cost of factori refil these blade work 23 time better"
"may 5 2013 updat well these wiper blade are massiv disappoint within two month they began chatter and skip in the center of the blade on my windshield thi is unaccept in wiper blade sometim chatter can happen becaus someth get on the windshield oil or the like not the case thi time the center part of the blade ha deform the wiper blade portion ha develop fold over it lay over on an angl from press against the windshield ive never seen wiper blade go bad thi fast or skip in the center of the blade chatter normal happen at the end of the bladethi 28 inch blade wa instal on 2012 ford focu driver side replac near 1 year old oem blade the passeng side blade wa not replac good test for side by side comparison both blade are 28 inch on thi car the oem blade is frameless blade just like thi anco when i return the origin blade to the car there wa no chatter or skip thi anco blade may work on other car or in shorter length but it flat is bad blade in thi length on thi carth origin review post in april 2013anco contour wiper blade are excel bracket less wiper the blade instal easili and clear my windshield quiet and streak freei like these blade lot better than the compar bosch blade for certain car frame style blade is better choic in that case i like michelin stealth and valeo betterthi 28 inch blade instal fair easili on my 2012 ford focu the packag includ four differ clip for differ applic choo the correct clip wa minor pain anco clip dont look much like the ford clip i wa replac these contour wiper blade are univ style blade they have no attach clip connect perman to them instead there is hole with rai ring on both side of the blade the correct clip for your car is snap over those two ring person i would rather have someth attach to the blade i understand it make it easier to manufactur univ connectorth tini instruct sheet wa not terribl use it wa seri of photograph and draw tri to illustr the differ kind of clip it took me few minut to deciph those pictur when it come time to chang thi blade i will be confus the origin ford clip ha two veri clear mark button to relea the blade the anco ha goofi look arrow that ha to be wrestl over tab whi couldnt anco simpli replic the two squeez buttonsthi blade ha realli larg spoiler over the spine the spoiler is design to catch the wind while drive down the highway to keep the blade press against the windshield the flap or spoiler is kind of ug and lot taller than the ford oem blade that flap doe contact the wiper arm without affect perform of the wipernot great mount instruct and univ clip asid thi blade perform realli well 28 inch blade is huge and is prone to chatter and streak the anco blade doe an excel job of clear my windshieldfor some car thi bracket less or frameless wiper blade is not the best arrang these tend to be older car with more vertic windshield the frameless blade dont work at all on rear window wiper for my 2002 buick rendezv i have found through way too much trial and error that classic wiper with frame are the best way to go michelin make an outstand stealth blade that ha the frame enclo with plastic frame for rear window wiper there is no better than valeo blade the extra forc and slim aerodynam profil make these blade stick to the rear window wind come over the roof top will tri to lift the blade from the window if there is spoiler on the bladeover anco ha an excel windshield wiper blade at good price"
"i tri to instal thi on my 08 suburban and it doesnt have the right type of adapt includ the 08 and 09 suburban have differ wiper attach and although the part finder say thi work it doe not i even had sever other peopl look at it includ mechan and we all came to the conclus that either the adapt is miss or thi is the wrong type for my vehicl live in raini florida i replac my blade frequent and anco is the first product that ha been not compat"
"few of the review were spot on about the major flaw the biggest be you have to touch button for it to do anyth that is simpli terribl i bought thi think the bosch name would mean someth but it doe not mean good in thi case not sure whi they even develop thi product i use thi for one of my classic car and as other have said if the power is interrupt you are back to squar one and have to push button terribl design and think on their part i high recommend the ctek version instead ive been use it for year and it brought back batteri that my regular 2amp15amp couldnt that impressiveedit the ctek 3300 is far superior devic for the same money ive been tri to use the bosch to get my camaro batteri charg without success for the last two week i hook up the ctek yesterday and 4 hour later the car start and wa driveabl the other advantag of the ctek is the memori for know last state so if there is power loss it come back to same place it wa also onc it done charg it goe into mainten mode automat exact how product like thi should workctek multi us 3300 12volt smart batteri charger"
"have some experi with spray detail i had an idea what to expect basic some gloss slick surfac and shortterm protect there is some controversi regard whether water bead is sign of good protect but i wont get into that what water bead or sheet doe accomplish is it at least show the presenc of productth anoth way to show presenc of car waxseal that car detail show me year ago and that the steam test it doesnt measur protect per se it just show the presenc of product so you can see how uniform it cover an area how easili it come off etc basic you coat some product onto bathroom mirror and allow steam to build up in the room area of the mirror coat in waxseal will have uniform layer of steam that is differ from untreat area it wont repel steam the barrier caus tini water droplet to build up uniform appear as if there is more steam there you can tri it yourself and see what i meani bring thi up becaus after notic that the v7 just didnt seem to do as much as other similar spray the gloss wa fair but not veri good and i didnt notic the extra water bead that other spray detail provid at least short term i want to see what it wa leav behind i did the test use the v7 along side coupl other spray detailersth result surpri me the area treat with v7 left veri littl behind with some streak of presenc i also appli some meguiar uqw and turtl wax ice both of which show solid coverag and the tw had remark durabl to remov incid when i appli two more coat of v7 over it area it began to show more sign of coverag confirm my result thi appear to be an extrem watereddown detail high in alcohol so that it flash evapor quick it came complet off with bit of soapi water wherea the other product actual were rather stubborn to removei give it two star becaus as quick detail it fine it will clean off fine dust and fingerprint and leav wee bit of shine in the gallon size the valu is fair but 18 or so per bottl is silli see as how it ha just about zero sealant properti and even the shine it leav is inferior to some 8 spray wax heard that cg is hit and miss with their product but v7 is gener regard as one of the hit in my experi it is not mayb they make some good stuff but thi isnt it i dont want to judg the compani by one product so ill give anoth one of their product tri probabl i gotta say they do realli good job with graphic design on their packag especi the vintag line i digress"
"way too expen for such low qualiti product i justgong to use my regular product thu dont order thi"
"find good dye and perfumefr deterg and wash your towel in it thi stuff seem to work ok on my foam polish pad but i wa abl to achiev the same if not better result by use 409 i dont see ani differ at all in use thi to wash my microfib stuff"
"i must not have real applic for thi i use it jan 2013 on the window mirror and windshield of 2000 silverado that had never been windshieldclay and it didnt appear to pull up anyth i use wolfgang clay lube and follow the direct but didnt see ani differ i fold the clay onc just to see if there wa color or textur differ on the clay surfac and i couldnt detect ani not sure whether my glass wa old enough to use thi lol or just the wrong applic i do like chemic guy product to remov water spot but you need to use your da on it and i wa hope that thi could get me part there without all the effort"
"the bristl on the brush are basic strand of stiff plastic and i have not found it to do ani clean at all around the lug nut save your money"
"i wa expect someth that i could push onto my lug nut and twist and the lug nut would come clean but the bristl seem to weak mayb i got the wrong thing but thi isnt for me and it just gonna sit in my shed"
"i have wash these towel sever time and i cannot get them to stop shed like dog they are wonder soft thick and plush but they just keep shed fiber like mad"
"i bought sever led light for my rv to test them out and thi one wa way too blue for my tast bright for the lower number of led it ha but the light doesnt match my other bulb and look unnatur to me"
"thi is no better than scotch tape i thought it wa go to be flexibl fabric type product instead it is like plastic tape that doesnt stay stuck i do not recommend thi product it wast of money"
"i first wash the awn with soap and water and then use aceton to remov ani unseen film after appli the tape stuck for few minut and then peel off admitted thi is strong but if on it would have stuck i wouldv been happi it may me that my awn wa too porou sinc it wasi old if you have newer awn you might get lucki and it will adher"
"after 15 month in the sun it rot out not made for outsid awn as advert do not buy thi junk"
"got four of these and two of them dont worksend them back i would buy them somewh elseth are veri short and not that bright anyway"
"did not see anyth wrong or damag on the unit when it deliv so i mount the part that is when thing becam appar that it might be an unanticip problem the first thing i notic after mount it and close the hood wa that the design of the unit wa go to exagg problem with the hood on the highway or heavi headwind the jeep hood alreadi ha slight issu with catch wind and bounc up and down but the design of thi unit ha the deflector jut straight out befor curv upward thi creat an even larger point to catch wind and creat drag forc the hood to jump even wor and at lower speed so you tend to be watch the hood movement even more than normal second issu i had with the part wa the qualiti of the form at least with my part onc insid the jeep i notic that the right side look lower so i check the mount and everyth wa exact the same as the left side check closer it wa appar that the right side wa slight misform it had more bend than the right so that the top of the deflector wa lowerclo to the hood than the left ye it is quit notic from insid the vehicl but not huge issu over i am consid just remov it and not have it on the wrangler"
"thi bulb is not 31mm it more like 33mm thi is veri import to know it not that bright though buy agt advanc german techolog thi is more like cheap chine knock off"
"it worth the money even though it is sent with some hardwar that in no way fit my bikei had it reupholst and use differ hardwar to attach itwhybecaus i didnt pay much for it and it look great and give me what i want get away from saddl bag"
"never went into maintain mode after two day alway charg and that when i test with vtvm the batteri fulli charg from use of the car start at 135 vdc took the charger off when the voltag at the batteri reach 1475 vdc and wa still rise look nice but thi one appear to be malfunct return to amazon"
"fail just after the time limit for return item to amazonth switch to select 6 or 12v is weak and easili move by accidentth schumach sem1562aca also sold by amazon is the same price automat sen whether it charg 6 or 12v batteri no switch and ha indic that are easier to read and give more inform it also claim to have desulf mode i purcha the schumach at about the same time and it ha been work without faulti would not purcah thi product again depend on cost and resist encount the thing may get return or trashedupd 325 two month after call on the phone get an author and send in the dead unit for warranti replac noth ha arriv not on is the product defect but it seem the compani is as well i will avoid their brand and their hold compani and all of it brand as much as possibl"
"i use thi onc to charg new batteri it work fine for thati left the batteri on the charger over the winter month and the batteri wa dead come that spring"
"the bd bm3b batteri charger is 34ok34 but i prefer true smart batteri charger it work and provid good mainten charg but never stop charg the batteri which can overcharg ani batteri quick addit i bought thi pass on good experi with other bd product but thi charger is not made by bd china compani just licen the name too bad"
"i happen across these while look for someth el they look promisingth pro reason price at 641 with free ship when i bought 2 of these metal free heavi spong with microfib cover sure grip handl cone shape measur 112 on the end 212 on the handl side the clean area is approxim 8 long from the tip to where the handl startsth con weve use these twice now the wide end seem to be bit too wide for our vehicl the microfib cover need to be remov to squeez the water out of the spong the microfib cover need to be remov to be launder when i turn the cover insid out i wa surpri there on singl row of stitch which im go to say will fail short the microfib ha alreadi fray back to the stitch if these hold up ill consid increa my product rating9658 updat may 25 2014today i notic the handl specif the rod that insert into the spong on one of the two i purcha is loo the handl ha long rod that is press into the spong is secur with glu i pull it off to see what go on the rod wa glu sparing in on 2 place the glue place toward the end had fail i reappli glue to see if i could secur the handl rod back in the spongethi is veri annoy after on 2 use ive drop my product rate from 3 to 2 out of 5 star"
"thi wa 34eh give it shot34 purcha and i alreadi regret the purcha the tip of the wand is come apart and it realli doesnt make the clean of rim or wheel easier"
"i purcha thi product through amazoncom and while i wa do some shop at walmart i happen to find thi product at lower price than amazon wa sell it atbut anyway i use the product on my brand new set of toyota headlight assembl and i mean toyota headlight assembl not some cheap knock offsblu magic 7306 headlight len sealer 8 ozth product doe not live up to it namewhat wast of time and money buy thi productif you want to keep your headlight assembl as new as possibl i suggest buy turtl wax blue icey could appli the wax to hot headlight assembl no need to find shadi area to appli best product on the market to keep your headlight look nice and clear"
"i could not rate thi product as it open up in shipment and the bottl wa complet empti i wa sure glad it wa wrap in anoth plastic bag which held about 12 of the liquid the rest wa aborb by the over size back it wa ship in"
"thi product doesnt even make good boat anchor im it return asap it wa failur to launch it never workedth wire instruct if you can call them that were horribl ive seen better stick men drawn im licen electrician and thi one wa puzzler even for meth good thing it wa made with the cheapest compon known to man which help the environ due to the lack of need part it save on weight for shippingth best part wa get it all instal and wait for the magic moment to have new light on my truckflip the switch and they say life is full of disappoint and thi is definit one of them"
"split the first time i use it and i have 2516 ball save your money and find anoth manufactur for your ball cover need"
"these relay arent the best in the world i purcha 2 one for my reg headlight and one for my fog one out of the two wa bad befor i even got it in my car the other one went out 3 month down the line had to purcha some nicer more expen one so my light turn on"
"thi product claim to restor black trim and last for two week lol just wet it make it look new again so spit would work as good as thi stuff if you have car wax or car polish on the plastic trim especi dull plastic trim it is veri difficult to remov an old trick is to just put armor all on it that make it look black for at least two week the best solut is to use denatur alcohol be care not to get it onto your paint on cotton swab or cloth rub and dri then put some armor all origin on there and your good to go for way longer than two week been do it for year on my 1990 camri and it work everi time"
"these suck i bought 2 of these for my car and on one of them work the one that did work wa blind and made the vehicl look tackywould not recommend"
"simpl quick reviewth work great for interior light if you have the roomthey are veri big so make sure you have the room befor you put them inthey have metal contact on the back of the led panel that can and do short out if you have metal back in your interior light avoid themgreat light out put if they work in your light fixtureb care they are easi to break if forceda littl expen but should last for year if you have the right light fixtur"
"better understand now what you can do repair and what not if you are tri to mend tear or rip just simpli forget it"
"will not buy again tooo small of amount and margin perform"
"product work great for three day then that wa it seem like good product at first but definit cant recommend"
"but then after about 4 month of use it just complet stop work so i would definit not buy again"
"i bought thi led pack specif becaus of the agt brand what arriv are gener led in singl pack not the 2 per agt bag see photo ye sure the bulb work and they do what i want and they are as technic describ 10x 194 168 2825 5smd white high power led car light bulb but they arent agt10 x wedg type bulb by agt packag 2 per plastic bag agt brand led bulb are known for use superior smd bulb that perform and last 2x longer than competitor led bulb be awar of seller sell nonagt brand bulb there are cheaper modul on the market they may substitut agt bulb never ship from chinahmmm surenot that you will find these are not tight fit in the holder like the origin incandesc bulb and you need to tri variou bulb until you get reason fit time will tell how long these cheap presum chine bulb lastunfortun amazon seem to be use more and more untrustworthi sourc"
"thi bulb doe not emit the light i wa hope for i suppo if i had more experi with led i could have pick better bulb"
"new review after about 34 yearal of the lamp that were instal have develop flicker or have just gone out the vendor readili replac the first 23 that stare flicker within 2 week by now the rest have start flicker and one or two are complet darkthey seem fine if they are not on fulltim one in the parkinglicen light are the first to fail then the overhead dome light the best one remain are in the door on on when that door is open the dome light last until one day i had the door open for an hour or so while clean then coupl of those start flickeringi havent contact the vendor again i dont rememb what the warranti is no sen in go through the troubl to get more of these just to have them faili suspect they are not run an adequ resistor if ani intern instead push for maximum output which rai temp and lower lifespanoh well may just go back to incandescent1 light qualiti typic slightblu led output they are brighter than incandesc in nonfocus hous like dome light and accept for clear marker light licen light etc veri happi with these in interior and puddl light and dome light they throw lot of flood light in focus len they are about the same as filament bulb just not as much pinpoint focus2 bulb qualiti it solid bulb that is littl tight to instal but even in realli tight socket they did not break on me they run littl warm in alwayson use so im not sure what to expect from them longterm of the 12 i have instal 2 have had one element each bulb ha five start to flicker the flicker would stop if i press on it the vendor ha quick replac the bulb and ha said theyll provid 90 day warranti thi work for me3 price 10 for 10 led bulb is reason keep in mind at thi price while some may have given me troubl the cost is no more than incandescent4 im give 5 star becaus the vendor and the low price make up for the problem ive seen so far it neat product and afford to experi withedit dock one star to 4 aft few month half of these have lost sever led element"
"i instal these in my 5th wheel rv and they work great i went in at the end of the summer and turn them on all of them are blink and some are complet off the circuit board cannot handl summer temperatur in hot rv do not buy for rv usag unless you will on be in cooler climat"
"updat 09032013i just bought bed rail kit for my truck and need to remov these from the stake hole to instal the rail 1 crack the plastic immedi as i press down on the screw of the 8 screw i attempt to remov 7 strip the head and 1 actual had back itself out befor i even got to it i end up crack the plastic off of them in order to get them out the aluminum block that lock the tie down in place had corrod and lock the screw in the block i like them when they were in there but thi just ruin it for me there 50 just gonein impressionsveri satisfi with thi product i am use them on an 05 dodg 2500 these kind of jingl littl when drive etc but im not annoy by it at all my swingca tool box make far more noi they seem durabl and well made under load they will shift in the stake hole so theyr not line up proper no biggi just move them back"
"novemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is year these are on 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper blade all last over year as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth replac blade i purcha thi time are michelin hybrid wiper classic frame with full blade coveragemichelin 5022 stealth wiper blade 22 pack of 1the origin reviewth bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to part counter and ask for 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir lot of car have two blade that are differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also good idea to lay towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me moment to remov the old blade in year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen wiper blade have problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that wiper blade last for good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76522 assur black 22 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"the bosch icon wiper blade is bosch top of the line frameless wiper thi is an outstand blade that is surprising easi to installnovemb 21 2012 updat well these blade are not worth the extra premium price they last just bare 9 month on my car normal life is year these are on 2002 buick rendezv ive gone through rough 9 set of wiper as i said in the lower part of thi review ye it wa complic to rememb how to pull these blade off they are differ from all other blade around and those two littl squeez spot were hard to figur out after all thi time i wont be repurcha these bladesth most import step with wiper blade is find the correct blade for your care gone are the day when i could go to part counter and ask for 24 inch refil refil dont exist anymor there is part finder on amazon i would also recommend use the blade finder at bosch to simpli doubl check the blade requir lot of car have two blade that are differ length odd my buick rendezv did not have the third rear wiper list the part finder both place on list two blade there are also and b version of these blade so be certain to pick the correct bladeth hardest part of instal is remov the old wiper blade while visit bosch blade finder i stumbl on an excel video that demonstr how to replac wiper blade remov the old one is the longest part of the video thi particular blade is for the u shape end of the metal wiper arm there is usual clip on the insid of that u on the pivot side of the wiper arm it is also good idea to lay towel down on the windshield just in case the wiper arm jump out of your hand it not unheard of to crack windshield that wayth final step is to open the black plastic clip slide the u shape end of the wiper arm through that clip and into the holder pull back and snap the clip down the end of the wiper arm is now enca in love plastic that it there noth more to do pretti simplereplac both wiper blade on my buick rendezv at midnight took me 20 minut total and that includ wash my hand and recycl the packag materi ill admit that ive chang lot of wiper bladesth icon blade is direct competitor to the goodyear assur wiper blade it pretti amaz to see these two blade side by side the on real differ between the blade the bosch ha an aerodynam spoiler to help forc the blade against the car window at speed and the clip mechan on the goodyear is more univ but leav the clip expo to the element honest these two differ are nice look but im not sure they realli make that much differ in the big picturei instal the goodyear assur blade about year ago and couldnt exact rememb the clip mechan so it took me moment to remov the old blade in year or two when i replac these blade im certain i will forget about how that plastic cover is clip on and will struggl just as much with the bosch blade in their market inform bosch talk about how the clip prevent snow and ice build up on the wiper blade in all my year of drive in realli bad snow storm ive never seen wiper blade have problem with the cover to the attach pointthi is good look blade bosch and goodyear both have elimin that extern frame with all the pivot point and metal or plastic holder those realli did get snow under them and creat problem they are now use spring steel plate wrap with plastic there are no move part with thi system the rubber wiper blade is actual exact the same as an extern frame wiper it sit insid slot like all the rest the end cap are attach tight and should never fall offover thi is an excel wiper blade given that wiper blade last for good year or two i think these are worth the extra cost over bosch blade i would shop base on price versu the goodyear assur blade they are virtual the same thinggoodyear gywb76524 assur black 24 premium rubber graphit coat wiper blade"
"i use thi to recharg an iphon and laptop and it work veri well the fan turn on under load and is notic but not big deal sinc the radio and road noi in my car drown it out the invert is so small that fan is must to keep it cool advantag to thi unit are it small size which can fit in most compart in car lightweight rel inexpen and easi to connect and use it also ha 21 amp usb port that is veri handi to charg the phone or ipod the neg is the noi of the fan and the unit must be unplug from the power port in the car to turn it offthi is veri use and easi to use invert it can also be attach direct to the batteri for heavier load but i did not test that capabilityupd 12913 the power invert plug no longer work the electr connect is intermit if i move the wire it connect and then disconnect indic bad intern connect thi invert is just not durabl enough for me to recommend it i have deduct 2 star"
"never got it to workno help or support with softwareso i sent it back to get my money backthey should not sell crap that dont work"
"i had thi obd scanner for month befor recent have need to use it when my chevi duramax truck engin light went on i instal the softwar on window 7 laptop and made the connect to thi bluetooth devic not good instal program is provid the user need to know how to go into window and see which com port are be use to connect to bluetooth otherwi the setup will failth scanner read one dtc number but that wa it when i took the truck to the chevi dealer their code scanner came back with 6 error code glad the dealer mechan wa good one and fix everi one of the 6 problem which includ replac one of the two nox sensorsveri unimpress with scanner that miss 5 of 6 dtc code better to spend more and get one that will provid all the inform"
"tri it on two vehicl need to be reset by unplug and or restart my app bit of pain as i wa be cautiou and shut down the pickup and restart also did not read fuel set on my silverado that did work on doge ram 2500 it would be better to get more expen devic that work and that can be updat"
"you expect clone to be qualiti realli whylet me list whi they are poor1 hand solder and bad done in mani case bad connect inside2 use 5vdc power regul chip that is not ani good at all in car noisi environ nor did they add filter to protect thi weak chipthat is whi it die after work the car ac clutch cycl can blow up the 78 seri reg in side in 110th second fact3 the processor and op code for the chip firmwar wa stolen for the canada compani that invent copyright it hard cold factth real maker of the chip is here ask themhttpelmelectronicscomobdichtml4 the app softwar too wa stolen if you look close and see what you have you will find out it and illeg version of an american compani softwarec them and ask they will make your ear burn the maker look them up and ask themnow those are the fact and it is cloney do get what you pay for when buy clone anythingif you had bought real one it might stay workingh is the real tool and they do speak english and do take call and do have help forum dahth real tool is herehttpwwwscantoolnetscantoolssmartphonethat be said i have 4 top brand scan tool but if you buy 3 of these clone for 17 on ani sunday one might work i have 3 but expect zero to workmi last one fail for bad solder insid im an electron tech retir and diagno it and repair itth next one that die i found the 7805 chip blown to bit that chip dont belong in car unless you know how to make it work filtersi do have fix for it use tv chip on the input of the reg it work greather is that 1 chip the cloner cant clone or want to buy on 50 cent in thousandshttpwwwdigikeycomproductdetailensmdj22casmdj22cactnd2409345that is the truth"
"thi seem to be work fine for me use the torqu app on androidissu i have foundth devic mac address is gener and can caus issu with multipl deviceshav to enter the password for the devic everi time the app is shutdown"
"never work right out of the box torqu would constant say faulti reader until 2 week later it larg stop work it would on send updat onc everi 5 secondsnot accept sent it back got refund from amazon step up to the nongen scantool there appear to be sever differ copi of thi design float around here and ebay they all probabl come from the same factori in china and chang the sticker with their logo"
"would not connect from my 2005 dodg ram diesel to toshiba a100 or tmobil g2 with the torqu app"
"i bought thi for 2012 jeep wrangler it fit great and doesnt slide around howev the black dye use fade fast it had fade to dark reddishbrown about 5 month after put it on and that wa dure time where i had my hard top on so it wasnt get barrag by uv raysi will look elsewh when it is time to replac it"
"doesnt fit well at all everi time you lift the consol it come off dont wast your money or time tri to make it work"
"the decal i receiv wa no where as clear as the imag shown on amazon it look great if you are 5 feet away otherwi it look like you are look at snapshot of an 8bit video game veri low resolut ill post pictur here soonupd i have taken the imag off my car sinc sever peopl have alreadi made comment about the imag resolut i contact decal kingz to tell them the product wa defect and want my money back they declin sinc i wa 5 day past the 30day return marks my imag for detail httpwwwamazoncomgpcustomermediaproductgalleryb005ol7k4erefcmciupdpimages2ieutf8index2isremote0"
"i bought thi think i want veri accur gaug one it is veri hard to coupl to the schrader valv to you i have found the accuraci to be question compar to other gaug"
"the rear of the meter is expo and veri sensit to the elment the panel fell apart as i tri to instal it i do not understand whi they do not instal it into plastic box even to be use in panel box would make it easier and less fragil to handl"
"bolt on easi enough like other have mention it isnt 34level34 and your antenna will tilt furthermor ani antenna i would have use wouldnt have clear the stock jeep spare tire so i had to make modif anoth bracket to mount to thi one if i had to do it over again i would have just made my own bracket in the begin"
"the say you get what you pay for fit thi is an expen solut to protect your door from chip how it work is you put strip of semiadh materi along the edg of your door it not like pack tape but more rubberi the problem with thi is ye it will protect the edg of your door from paint flake off if you ding it howev thi wont protect your door from dent or larger ding like the thicker rubber trim will that you can buy so ye thi will work to keep the paint in place and provid bit of protect but in my opinion thi realli isnt worth the money it provid too littl protectioni appli it to honda ridgelin truck i have 4 door and on got one set so 2 door are protect 2 are not it import you clean both the front edg and back side of the door where the film stick otherwi it will fall offonc appli the film blend so you can hard see it onnow i am not go to ding my door to test thi but from initi inspect it doesnt look like it doe much good it like put lamin piec of paper on your stomach and then get hit you are still go to feel it it still go to damag but it will soften the blowa littleit nice idea but for me thi should be market as as seen on tv item for those late night tv shopper it novelti item to give you the illus of protect if you want real protect you need someth thicker and more substanti"
"i bought thi bag due to the high rate i receiv the bag yesterday and not realli amaz by it it say leather shell but i doubt it it doesnt feel or look like real leather to me it look lot rougher than it show in the pictureth origin plan wa to put it on the fork on my 04 vtx1300c but it doesnt work i dont blame the bag becaus it clear state that it is for handl bar but the bag is pretti big to go on the handl bar i could easili put an arizona ice tea can in it with some extra space so i end up put it on the back of the sissi barpro big sturdi low pricecon veri stiff like plastic stiffupd 9172013after use it for about 15 mile on the sissi bar it scratch the pain of my fender becaus of the hard materi they call leather see the pictur that i put up"
"dont purcha thi item the strap that hold it to your handlebar are so thin you find your tool bag fli away also dont place item in thi bag you want there is no way to secur it from anybodi from open it unless you wrap it with chain and lock go to your nearest motorcycl store and purcha your money worth and know you stuff is secur when you are away from your bike"
"i order thi vest in xl it say xl but it size so small it actual is medium if your go to order thi vest make sure the size you order is three time what you normal wear order larger i order it so i can wear hoodi under it and there is no way it would ever fit"
"vest wa well made howev the xl size i order wa more like medium i normal wear size larg so i figur i would order an xlg and have some extra room for winter shirt thi thing fit like medium cant even snap it lucki i had friend that want it"
"i love the qualiti and construct of thi vest howev the size are not true at all they dont just run small they run ridicul small i mean 4xl is too small for someon who wear xl my 4xl fit my daughter who wear women medium it realli turn out to be wast of time especi when i want the vest for thi weekend"
"i order larger size as everyon said in their review to do howev thi wa so small i gave it to my son if you wear xl order xxxl minimum it may fit"
"the kn websit word charact both the ps and the hp seri filter as premium but the ps seri is certain not premium filter at allth metal in the hous is thinner it diamet is smaller the flowhol around the central mount hole are smaller and the width of the seal gasket is not as wide there is sloppi amount of glue between the base plate and the outsid hous the term contractor grade came to mind as be cheaper bare function product design for jobber not the endus with an eye on qualiti ask kn to consid chang the word of their product descript to more accur reflect the inferior qualiti of thi filter compar to the hpseriessinc i dont need the hp seri nut on top of the filter i thought id save buck or two on filter of equiv qualiti otherwi poor economyupdat receiv satisfactori respon from kn staff in their market and in their consum affair depart i identifi myself as longtim custom and express disappoint that the ps seri fail to live up to expect base on their subsequ commun with me i remain loyal custom"
"attract to their low price i tri substitut these led bulb for the filament bulb in coupl of my motorhom overhead fixtur hope id eventu be abl to replac all of my incandesc bulb to save power to make the electr connect i had to pri the wire from the base slight onc i did that and ensur that the polar wa correct all of the led in the bulb came on but even with all of them work the light output wa nowher near as much as i wa get from my filament bulb though these are adverti as be white the color of the light wa cool light blue cast notat warm light the differ in light color and light inten between these led bulb and my regular incandesc filament bulb wa dramat as much as i would like to reduc my light power consumpt which would of cour great increa the time i could light my coach befor have to charg my batteri these wont do it for me sad i must continu look for warmer brighter led bulb"
"when tri to drive on these they often tend to move forward so your car is on the ground again sometim they move right or left even when you drive on them absolut in straight lineto use them in safe way youd have to block them from sudden shoot forward long stick of sturdi wood will do the trick if you can fix against not move object if the piec of wood is wide enough it will also help the ramp from misalign"
"these are not my first ramp they arriv in huge box with lot of packag paper so packag well i put both on the floor next to each other in the live room one of ramp had extra plastic materi on the center part of it bottom who ever took the plastic out of the mold didnt do good job cut off the excess so one ramp wa swing lift and right as my kid jump on it while the other ramp wa perfect and not move so i use small handsaw to finish it myself veri simpl thing for the factori to observ befor ship none conform partfyi i do have race ramp that i use for my lower sport sedan and they have 10 degr slopeupd 6232013i wa tri to go up the ramp slowli sever time i over did it and the right side ramp went under the tire and the ramp wa bent the wall from insid broke off with the center wall twist and some minor crack appear so one mistak go up thi 17 degr will cost you 55 buck burn faster than matchi did drive again on top of these ramp but not sure if they are safe for use i think floor jack and coupl of jack stand along with veri good knowledg of where to place and lift the vehicl is the best solutionus on 2009 chrysler town and countri van curb weight 4750 lbsupdat 9202013i forgot to mention day after the ramp were damag i call the manufactur and they sent me new one which im sell as is and sent back the damag"
"ive own both the origin and the new style nest rhino rampssinc they move on concret the origin were easili drive over given the veri low lip at the end of the ramp ye i drove over the origin and took chunk out of the end as the ramp land on the rocker panel 34pinch weld34i sold the origin and bought the new style one hope they would be betterthey are not the end of the ramp split as they are nest after two or three usesth right wheel spun on my 2003 toyota corolla had melt the surfac of one rampth race pamp at three tome of price of these are perfect i dump these and purcha them instead of the rate are 5 star on amazon basic thi in one time that you get what you pay for"
"the ramp keep slide on the pavement so i put towel under it did not work it seem on way thi ramp will work is to back it up with someth to keep it from slide return"
"so i want to add batteri disconnect to my rv batteri and order thi but when it came time to actual put thi on i wa not impress batteri cabl wire size wa to big for the switch would have been better to see prior to purcha"
"ive been use meguir product for year and have been veri satisfi with mani of their product but not thi one ive tri mani differ type of glass cleaner from the age old windex to spray foam cleaner past cleaner and final thi one thi one is horribl while initi the cleaner seem to work it leav behind thin oili residu on the glass in more than 30 year of detail and take care of car ive never encount product that hazesfog faster than or more than thi one doe to make sure i test the product on all kind of glass from auto glass to window in the home mirror aquarium etc and even tri use differ dri tool from sever type of paper towel microfib towel synthet chamoi and the result were alway the sameit foggedhaz on all the type of glass in veri short timedo not wast your money on thi cleaner ive found the veri best result come from just plain distil or ro water and high qualiti microfib towel it doesnt fog wont harm interior window tint and cost practic 0"
"i thought thi product offer an easi way to transfer ani print imag onto my car like print someth on special paper that wa easili transfer over the oper word there be easi and there noth easi about thi process at least not for me the direct show rather complex star shape which would be virtual imposs for the averag person to replic given the step requir preci cut the design out with razor blade it would be painstaking tediou work for anyon includ high talent artist to cut all that intric detail perfect and come up with usabl design that didnt look like garbagea if that wasnt complic enough then you have to tape the design onto your car perfect and hope the stencil doesnt move one iota while you buff the paint off your car with actual sandpap all for an end result that look mediocr at best i guess if you have noth better to do thi would be great littl project for hobbyist but i serious have to wonder if there arent better altern that would take less time look 1000x better and not requir intent scratch your car in the processbottom line nice idea but not for me"
"thi kit is imposs to use and is not worth the money regular vinyl stick decal are easier to appli the fact that thi kit come with wet sand paper indic that it is difficult to use and may caus damag to the paint surfac"
"for those who want to purcha thi 45 degr turn stop it will leak when there is rush of wast water come out the seal from the hose can not handl thi type of pressur the 90 degr turn will work better as the wast water doe not rush direct to the hose seal"
"ok i get that there are bound to be some doa bulb couldnt you just send replac without have to return the defect one it isnt go to be repair so just show the custom that you realli want their busi and not make them send it back in the mail how much is it go to realli cost you"
"i put one of these in my rv porch light to replac the standard bulb and it melt i check the socket with millimet and the socket turn out to be fine not sure if it wa just bad unit or what but i threw the other one away as i have no desir to have fire"
"light work but not as bright as i would like them to be nice for an area where you on need littl bit of light"
"great price and great amazon servic but doesnt fit the first priu be care refund wa instant love amazon 2004 and older may work for you my ratng is not actual fair i know sorri"
"so i receiv them and they were most to long and didnt work correct they also had contact that were to far out so the led wouldnt work as well"
"i live in southern california where it is sunni everyday thi summer ha been around 90 with some heat wave of 105 day i purcha thi june 26th 2012 and now it ha complet fell apart thi product is veri cheapli made and is evid as soon as you open itconsit so thin and cheap that when it actual get heat up by the sun it turn into thin paper and just bend easili which can caus it to fall out of your windowaft two month the black felt around the edg of the sun shade ha start to flake off caus horribl mess in my car everi time you remov the shade more come offalso the eye and other color now flake off so there are bunch of hole in the shade on the paint sideprosit wa cool for the first month i had it until it start to fall apart"
"burn out within few week notic burn insid unit discolor thermal protect doe not work seller ha not respond with ani replac or warranti info"
"origin review i have these in my ram pickup as backup light even though the len are shine up in the reflector they throw much more bright white light than ani other led setup ive triedupd order these in march instal them about 2 week after they came tonight 629 the passeng side rever light complet fail no strobe no flicker simpli will not light and the remain bulb wa veri hot appar these bulb although substanti brighter are not readi for prime time and obvious cannot be cool proper i replac the bulb with the origin led i had instal and will avoid thi vendor in the futur"
"sorri to say but these bulb are veri dull and few i had to toss do to them burn up i must say some of you poepl make comment must have no idea about led the bulb are cheap garbag if you want true good bulb goto superbrightl you spend bit more but you get what you pay for buy 2 from superbright then compar it to these i love the pictur they have up show how bright they are and it make me laugh caus just think about it you get 20 bulb for 10 buck and superbright ha 1 for 595 and it realli bright and guarant for life plu not china made"
"junk dont buy"
"i had to return thi scanner becaus of intermitt on off i also tri to find out onlineaboutthi model ms309 and i could not regist the item if i want to becaus item came from china with no registr possibl for thi scanner"
"doe not work with 2001 acura mdx or 1st gener honda pilotc autel support in the us and they are total useless becaus they deni thi is their productinstead buy theinnova 3040 obd2 scan toolorinnova 3030 diagnost code reader for obdii vehiclesthat friend just recommend which work on my 2001 acura mdxnow for the long stori i purcha thi tool to read the code off my 2001 acura mdx equiv to the 1st gener honda pilot well it doe not work keep scan and eventu give link error ive tri it with the ignit switch in the on posit engin not run as well as have the engin run same link error the document state it support anyth 1996 or newer with odbii connectorhowev thi reader doe work in our 2011 honda odyssey the link took about minut but it connect and is even abl to read the vin from the car via the obdii port but the scan is slow took almost 2 minut to read the vinnow for the experi with custom support went to the websit auteltechdotcom as list in the includ manual and call their tollfr support number their technician state that i dont know where you got the ms309 from but that is not us autel product we cannot support it amazon or ebay is sell product that are not our with our name on itwhen i ask the technician which model support the 2001 acura mdx he said all of our product even the low end ai319 as long as it is 19962012 car with an obdii connector it work i reiter my question ask him to confirm that it support that particular car he state as long as you buy it from us we support it again he did not confirm it wa test on ani vehicl so i ask if there are ani onlin seller he state he cannot recommend anyon and that i need to ask the retail for support if it doesnt workso what doe that tell me run from thi compani if you plan on need supportmi question now is do i keep thi or return it purcha from pocketstor and wa fulfil by amazonin the meantim i am give thi product 2star becaus it doe work in our newer car howev i cannot give it more star given the respon i got from support and the fact that it fail to connect to 2001 hondaacura"
"i bought thi turtl wax ice spray wax for the specif reason that it say on the bottl synthet formula prevent water spot i have use thi turtl wax ice spray wax twice on my jetski and it is still water spot everi time i take it out of the waterbefor i took my jetski to the lake thi time i use 3m marin cleanerwax first to remov ani old water spot then i liber appli the turtl wax ice spray wax and wipe it off i did thi twice just to make sure i had appli enough got back from the lake and the jetski is water spot everywh obvious the jetski get wet but not much differ than car in rain or splash through puddl of wateri would be satisfi if the water spot came off easili but they dont i am go to have to use the 3m marin cleanerwax to get the water spot off again but next time i will use eagl one nanowax spray wax instead that is what i use on my two other boat 20 and 16 both fiberglass and the water spot come right off with anoth applic of eagl one nanowax spray waxth bottl of turtl wax ice spray wax call it the most advanc wax yet and that it ha synthet formula that prevent water spot mayb i just got bottl of water or they forgot to put in the ingredi that prevent water spot ill just use it on my lawn tractor as it rare get use in the rainover veri disappoint spray wax product that is way overhyp"
"receiv quick tri to instal but would not fit my truck it obstruct the tailgat upon close is sent it back for refund with no problem"
"had high hope for thi item but it doe not live up to the hype instal instruct were terribl vagu what nutsert call the contact number help but after instal the bottom nutsert pivot part fail within 3 openingsc the contact number and while help they concur the instruct were an issu and made few suggest includ send anoth instal kitsinc it would need to be drill out and destroy to replac i tri to tighten the nutsert to see if it would workwith about twice as mani turn as the instruct suggest it still pivot from the weight and let the bottom shock mount slip off and then the tailgat come bang downwil be return thi"
"thi is on for dodgegot one it backi have an avalanch therer page doe not give you choicealthough they say it custom fit for everi vehicl i call deez manufactur and they do not sell these amazon so watch your choic"
"updateth reason i wa have clean problem with these wiper blade is becaus their old i went to an auto store and replac them and wa inform of thisi notic color differ on the rubber part of the blade these wiper were fade compar to actual fresh onesi would recommend spend few more dollar at store to get new one or get the cheaper one they work better then these in my casenow im out twenti buck plu the price of the new one"
"it wa not clear from the product descript but these are fulli enclo blade design to keep ice from caus them to lose contact i live in part of arizona where i dont need that also these are about the ugliest blade ive ever seen big and blocki im sure they work great in snow and ice but i dont need that also they dont flex out at the tip as much as regular blade the the outer 334 did not even touch on the passeng side of my 2001 tundra windshield with the blade at rest"
"thought thi might have been becaus the wiper arm itself wa bent put the old blade back on and it hit the spot fine use on 2009 camri tri bend the blade bit to no avail still miss huge spot right in the middl on the driver side part of the window will have to order new one but will make sure it differ brand"
"i have had good luck with bosch wiper in the past but these do terribl job and leav ton of streak in the top half of the wiper arc i will be tri differ brand next time outedit i replac these with some rainx weatherbeat wiper and the improv is drastic stay away from the bosch wiper and spend your money on someth that actual work as intend"
"just instal thi on my wife 2004 toyota 4runner and ye it fit even though amazon say it doesnt with that said they seem like good wiper i notic littl bit of squeal from the driver side one but that could bc the windshield need clean or there wasnt enough rain on it at the timeupd so after have them instal for over month now these wiper have faint squeal to them constant which can be annoy i have the one that are step up from these on my truck and they dont squeal so in my opinion it worth spend littl more and get the nicer onesupdate2 on toyota 4runner these thing suck will definit not buy these again"
"i bought set in may 2014 and instal them no issu instal them i inspect them on juli 12 2014 and found the wiper edg on both driver and passang side were separ from main rubber part of the blade i live in arizona and the weather is ha been hot but not so hot to make both of these blade disintegr after less than 2 month on the car when the rain hit my worst fear were confirm as the wiper did not wipe away the rain from the windshield like they should havedont buy thi inferior product"
"i wa super excit to get thi and tri it out unfortun despit detail research regard the proper size to get for my vehicl the attach system is total differ than what is on my car veri disappoint as thi wa veri highqual wiper"
"unfortun i believ they sent me returnrefurb product you know that need chainsaw to cut open melt plastic secur packag we all love to hate that electron seem to be pack in well thi came in that howev there wa cut about 34 the way up the packagejust enough to pull the unit out and put the unit back in it packag the box it wa deliv in show no sign of damag and that secur plastic of death just cant rip on it ownsecond i wa amaz to find 2 miss compon wonder if it is standard for all of thi type or if it wa just miss in mine screw to perman mount and most import an insul copper wire to ground the unit if your go to give us the option to screw it down in vehicl then suppli the screw if you are go to sell product that should be ground then help your custom by suppli that ground wire for cri out loudit also veri import to note thi can on suppli 140w of power when use the in car power plug ie for your radar detector etc the on way you get to 400w is direct connect to the car batteryi do like the fact that it ha dual ac socket howev it realli need more than singl usb plug my intend use would be for trip and with on one usb charger that doesnt work when you have more than one kiddoi would recommend either go to differ model with more port if you have kid"
"thi is the second type of led light i have test i order 2 of these light i measur the voltag and current at each light each light came from differ suppliersl light 112612v 1711a 21579 wattsl light 212581v 1723a 21677 wattsth light are bright but the dcdc convert is probabl run too lowth might be b stockwhil i wrote thi review i left led light 2 on to see what would happen when they got warml light 212638v 1638a 20701 wattsi wa go to give these 2 star but i receiv refurbish unit i sent it back becaus the len wa crack and had poor repair job the len have to be super cheap i dont know whi they bother repair themedit care with the len cover i clean mine and now it ha white haze to it"
"these were easi to break and they did not fit my 2008 honda civic the descript of the product need to be chang so peopl dont end up buy thi and it doesnt fit their vehicl"
"dont buy thi tank there are sever out there much better design hard to handl have to lift front to drain make mess hard to pull when full buy tank with 4 wheel that you dont have to lift front to pull one that work like kid wagon and that can be drain lay flat"
"not on wa it disappoint it wa seriou one no fault of the light as it work just fine the differ between thi bulb and the one that came with the rv wa liter night and day with these led bulb instal the best i can compar it to is moonlit night no way i could read cook or do anyth with these instal after the sun ha set as said thi isnt the bulb fault becaus it work as adverti"
"ive bought smd countless time on amazon and i want the whitest smd possibl i wa replac the gaug cluster bulb in 98 camri and need few more i want small one with less smd sinc i wasnt sure about the depth for the bulb so i figur thi kit would be fineto be blunt they work well most of them some of them had the top smd blown out but it wasnt too notic in the cluster they all turn on and the cluster look lot better but not much brighter than the factor bulbsth jtech are also in the 8000k rang which i dont like 8000k is white with lot of blue probabl the closest thing to solid blue led i definit do not recommend these for licen plate or park light sinc theyll attract too much attent and arent veri bright if your replac gaug cluster bulb then theyll be fine"
"i instal one of these led to replac blown led side light in porsch cayenn the bulb illumin and is bright white howev it trigger warn messag to check side light while these bulb are veri low cost and id recommend them for standard applic these dont appear to be suitabl for an errorfr applic requir canbu builtin load resistor"
"mayb other peopl will have differ result but i wa extrem disappoint i bought these bulb to replac the fair dim bulb in the dash of my 1996 ford pickup which ha 194 style bulb i had alreadi replac my dash bulb with the 34high output34 filament type 194 bulb they still werent bright enough for me so i decid on led these jtech 5smd bulb were veri slight improv but not worth the troubl the bulb have some seriou drawbacksfirst these bulb are polar mean they on work in one direct in the vehicl most dash light that use 194 bulb arent alway go to light up all the time i want to replac the veri dim warn light as wellyou cant just make all the warn light come onther no way to tell for sure that you have instal the bulb correct there is no indic on the bulb to denot which side is to be for posit and which side is to be for neg i had to remov all but the illumin bulb which i wa abl to check the function ofsecond the bulb are veri flimsi and not well construct the led portion is not veri secur fasten to the plastic socket assembl addit the 34plug34 use cheap ultrathin wire as the contact which is veri easili bent out of posit you must ensur that the wire is in exact the right posit and if you have to bend it veri far it will break i have veri littl to believ that these bulb will last ani length of time at all one of my dash bulb ha fail in less than one monththird and thi is my fault for buy the wrong style led not the manufactur fault on the flat 34top34 portion of the led actual doe anyth if your tri to use these for dash illumin applic these might work where there is 360 degr unobstruct area around the bulb but even when use in reflector in the map light of my littl toyota the light output is scarc more than the 194 filament bulb that it replac there are led with 4 or even 8 smd led that are mount flat on the top of the plastic plug assemblythi is what you want for direct light outputbottom line if your look to purcha the least expen led bulb thi is it if you are look for wellconstruct bright bulb to replac your dash light thi is not the bulb you are look for to be fair these bulb would work fine if your not need direct output light and where you can check that the polar of the bulb is correct befor trust it to work"
"i tri thi after friend recommend it to me say t last few week and had good shinemor so then ani other tire shine i have use you must make sure your tire are 100 clean if not after appli thi product you will get brownish stain on your tire so use good tire cleaner or degrea to prepar it for the shine coatingit ha more of matt finish then glossi shine even after duplic coat it seem to contain larg percentag of alcohol as it flash dri rather short after spray it it also did not last long for me on few day at bestnot worth the effort there is much better on the market i like meg endur for an otc product and ultima trim and tire guard for mail order product"
"i follow the instruct clean the tire with bristl brush and soapdri it with towel then i appli the product thi morn my tire have thick plastic feel brown residu all overlook like rust mix with mud when i use thi stuff befor it never left brown residu just horribl attempt at shineover thi product suck and now i need to figur out how to remov the brown resid it left stick with mcguir from now on"
"i bought thi product two can few week ago from anoth site and it is not what it claim to beit left white gummi residu on my tire and no shine i eventu had to return one can"
"lamp did not fit as promi should of return them but too late now did not fit the socket for the lamp on ani light of the car"
"i bought these light to replac the 20w light in my camper i have alreadi bought coupl of led light elsewh and i am veri happi with them but the cost wa too high to replac them all in my camper i bought these 2 light to tri befor buy 20 set the first thing to watch out for is the wire on both of these light were cross when i tri to instal them the first time thi result in quick pop and littl char on the light fixtur i remov the light and bent what wa left of the wire into place the second tri work well the result light is veri blue and nowher near as bright as my other led light they are not complet unplea but are more like night light than read light i didnt want to wast the bulb so i move them to the bathroom where we leav the light on all night i will not be buy ani more and would on recommend them for landscap light or night light"
"updat i went to drive through car wash and to my surpri the car wash bent the front licen plate all up i remov it and straighten it back up and tri to put the plug through the bottom the licen plate but the thing rip right off i wa pretti piss 20 piec of rubber use for protect that cant even be instal with out malfunct then while poke hole so can run screw on the bottom the screw cover piec of rubber rip off i lost faith in thi for protect i end up use zip tie to keep the bottom from be lift up at the car washth compani also give you i think 5 to write review if you purcha one but do yourself favor and just buy someth elseso i put thi on 12 kia optima here in cali you gotta have the front plate so i wa on search for thick licen plate frame and stumbl across thi on amazon it not bad price after see the littl thin one that offer no protect at autozon for about 1015 i havent test it but im sure if i wa to go battl with shop cart the bumper will be protect as long as i hit it dead center with the rubber framei wa debat go with the hd frame but couldnt justifi spend 20 more on 14 of rubber"
"the first one explod when i accid rever the polar and the second i bought the switch to turn on the usb doesnt usual work with out be flipe back and forth few time and sometim even then need pressur on it to stay on the screw that hold the bracket togeth rust and now i need to chang it with stainless one cheap fix but still pain from new product"
"i purcha these extend for 26 i bliev and took them to discount tire to have them put on my dualli motor home they had difficult time put them on after they instal them the tire leak all the air and went down 20 pound of air pressur luckili while on my trip i notic the back driver side tire wa low tire compani i took the motor home to check whi the tire wa low took it off and show me that the end of the exten were crush and caus the problem they check the tire by submerg it into water tank and there wa noth wrong with the tire had them remov the exten and didnt have ani more problem on 4k mile trip"
"these did not work for my car even though they are suppo to be compat be care and make sure you proper instal them"
"i have 2003 chevrolet taho and these backup bulb will not fit into the socket thi wa total wast of time and i return them for refund"
"i do not know how bright they are becaus they did not fit ani light assembl on the car uhg"
"these work as 3156 backup light but not 3157 my 96 f350 need 3157 for run turn and break light these dont work i plug them into my backup light 3156 and they did work"
"instal one then compar the bright at night veri lilttl if ani differ between thi bulb and the 4 year old oem on he other side dissapoint"
"didt work the plug were off set and the fuse will not plug into them thank to amazon for refund me my purcha price becaus all they did wa take up room in my garbag can do not buy these unless you plan on throw your money away"
"i wait for actual snow befor write thi review it snow about 3 inch so i unpackag thi unit don my glove and hat and set forth to clear my car there are two clip on the unit where the handl is store unclip the handl and adjust for size i have small suv first setback wa the unit handl lock and unlock system is tight and secur realli realli tight and secur after some grunt and twist i got the thing set up when tight unlik the photo the scraper is at 90 degr angl to the snow pusher more on thi later the foam snow pusher actual did good job and clear snow clean with no mar it seem to hold up to the usual edg and bump from wiper antenna etc and the length made the job quickaft snow remov i use the scraper end to get the light coat of ice off the window becaus the foam pusher end is at 90 degr to the scraper you end up tri to manag scrape with wet 18 inch or so pusher end orient up and down drip ici water on you while tri to scrape horizont tri to unlock the handl for storag with wet cold glove wa an exerci in frustrat i manag it by sit in my car for some leverag now im no weakl but i cant imagin slight built person or lessor grip actual adjust thi thing on cold dark wet ici morn with cold wet finger i wa soak by the time i wa doneover good idea but poor execut"
"wiper came loo and allow arm to scratch wind shield i even check sever time to made sure wiper are attach secur lousi design"
"i remov the driver side wiper blade from my pickup i wa unabl to instal the acdelco with ani of the adapt that were furnish i went to the amazon web site and enter the inform for my vehicl and the respon wa that thi wiper blade wa match for my vehicl so it must be just me that cant get it instal and i need to tri differ approachi took my frontier back to the nissan dealer where i purcha the vehicl i ask the dealer to instal the wiper blade and while there go ahead and chang the oil and rotat the tire the dealer did the oil and tire thing as usual but wa unabl to get the acdelco blade to work i ask him to put my origin blade back on which he did and i recycl the acdelcoagainst the advic i did look thi gift hor in the mouth and it had no teeth"
"the wiper come with sever adapt and you have to choo the one that right for your car unfortun for me the one that right for my car is huge and veri distractingi notic it right away as soon as i sat in the driver seat it actual imp on my vision just littl on the bottom of the windshield it had higher profil than my other wiper which i left on the passeng side for comparison purpo and it wa just distract becaus of it bulbou shape when i turn on the wiper i actual felt like it wa danger becaus it wa such focal point that my eye kept go to the adapt while i wa drive in the rain everi time the wiper went by i couldnt help but notic it again like giant black bug or someth you just cant not notic it i hope it would get more invi to me as i got use to it and continu drive it wa long drive home but that didnt happenit make veri good contact with the windshield and work well with no miss spot on the windshield im guess that if you need ani other adapt than the one i need youd probabl be fine but the one i need just made it too much of an eyesorei had alreadi thrown out the old wiper so im out of luck and need to buy anoth one now"
"these wiper requir replac the entir wiper compon not just the plastic part so the first difficulti i ran into wa figur out how to get the origin one off as thi isnt even in my car manual had to googl it to find out how to do it then to put the blade on you have to figur out which adapt to use and how to snap it into place the direct for thi are ridicul small and imposs to deciph so it pretti much trial and error thing onc i got it snap on i wa abl to put the blade on and it seem to work reason well enough for coupl week that wa until i wa drive in slight drizzl turn on my wiper and i guess the window had some dri spot that caus the blade to stick littl bit and the connector just snap off send the entir blade fli through the air thank it didnt hit anyon or anoth car or i could have had some real damag to pay luckili i save the origin wiper which went back on the car asap these went into the garbag i will note that my wiper use the jstyle connector and anoth review mention similar issu with their car and the same style connector so it may be particular issu with thi one howev i am just not sure i would trust these wiper and these connector that arent perman attach to the wiper and prone to just snap apart"
"these acdelco wiper blade ship with multipl adapt so they will fit varieti of vehicl the instal direct cryptic and virtual useless i wish id notic the video provid on the product page befor i did my installth adapt are bulki in size and are notic distract in your field of vision when your drive furthermor both the adapt and the blade are made of plastic similar to what youd expect from chine made dollar store toy the blade feel super flimsi and do not even have the strength to hold the wiper against the curv of the windshield from end to end the actual rubber wiper doe decent job where it touch the glassth blade come equip with wear indic that is suppo to let you know when it is time to replac the blade i do not have ani expect that the blade will actual last long enough for that indic to be neededthi review appli to both of the two differ length of blade i test"
"i wa person quit disappoint with thi oil after get my new bike and fill it with the other castrol 4t miner base 4stroke motorcycl oil it ran smooth and shift with littl effortbut thi synthet stuff is just terribl in comparison hard shift miss shiftsjust not for my 1 cylind push rod 4 stroke 250cc wet clutch"
"thi thing is so bulki and heavi and unbalanc i took it out of the box and put it back thi would be good for noth more than take off lug nut onc year for rotat there are smaller more power electr impact gun on the market that you can fit insid wheel well let alon an engin compart"
"im veri disappoint in thi wrench the 12 volt wrench like thi is bettergo figur i just perform strut job on my toyota and it had troubl break the bolt off and the 12 volt could break em im glad i decid to purcha the 12 volt version of thi as well the click of the 12 volt drive me nut but at least i know them bolt or nut are come off i guess thi wrench need more power or sum thin im not sure it just doesnt work well ik alreadi i will be use the cheaper impact as it more handi becaus of it compact size compar to thi and it just work better i guess i will just keep it for backup good luck on who el decid to purcha thi mayb you will have better luck"
"ive been use microfib towel for year they are absolut the best way to wash and wax your car befor discov the hein towel i use the standard yellow one they do good job and arent veri expen when i got the hein towel i expect them to be veri similar to the pile of microfib wipe that i own i couldnt be more wrong these towel are actual differenti figur that microfib is commod and that one brand is pretti much the same as anoth thi one isnt the towel are notic thicker softer and more absorb one of these towel last as long as two of the other when i am dri the car they wash clean on the perman press washer cycl and dri on the warm set on my electr dryer at about 175 each they are reason price person i prefer the light color towel that show ani dirt pick up more easili the dark one tend to hide the dirt dirti towel can scratch your car finish tri these they are absolut greatnew inform 5162013now that i have had these while some seriou problem have emerged1 these towel are not veri absorb i have coupl of dozen of the basic yellow microfib cloth they soak up the water i tri these and they didnt drink veri much i wash them and they still dont begin to compar with their competit it took while to learn thi due to the veri raini weather here2 they shrunk the cloth start off be nice size and veri thick after one wash they are now smaller than my old clothsa result of these issu i have remov some star"
"i use microfib cloth almost exclus for most household garag and woodwork use from clean stove top car glass window wipe dust off just sand woodwork etc i current have two other brand in hous both purcha in 36 pack so i welcom the chanc to test thi product head to head in all the usual daili use mention physic these are the same size same makeup 8020 and subject near the same knapp or feel to hand as the other product they perform exact the same both wet and dri rin the same and dri in the same amount of time other than color i could detect no differ so whi on 2 star these are near 4 time the price of the other brand test per clothmak no mistak these are top qualiti microfib cloth fluffi and not thin do everyth well and rin easili but so do the other brand and they do it much much less expen"
"these micrfibr are meh for remov wax make you work harder than you need to i tri them out becaus they were good price but i wouldnt buy them again i also tri use them to quickwax the car it just seem to move the fluid around the paint and doesnt take it off it work bit better after i soak them in pinnacl microfibr deterg but i recommend the meguiar x4014 10000000 time over these you get what you pay for"
"unfortun i wa feel cheap when i decid to replac all my bulb now everyth flicker i feel like there is disco go on when they are in use just pay littl extra for some qualiti your not go to be happi for veri long with these"
"product work for week fine after that the bluetooth would not pair tri all code and differ devic but would not work dont buy"
"you have wait till it dark to know if these are on or not cant see them at all in the daytim"
"i simpli cannot recommend these for rever bulb both bulb had most of the led not work and they are no where near as bright as the factori bulbsprob due to the led not light up"
"i realli wonder about the good review thi seat cover get the back part of the seat cover is made of women panti hose one of the one i receiv wa rip out of the box the front part you sit on is tough enough but it attach to nylon back same as panti hose i kid you not 20 worth of aggrav is what you get mine is be return at no cost thank to amazon realli now when i ask for canva tough seat cover thi is more like the seat cover for drug store cowboy it wont lastit wont wear through though it will just come apart the stitch it like stitch toilet paper to saddl leather just not go workb care instal rip easi one of mine wa rip out of the boxi hope we didnt make thi here in the usa shame shame3rd time charm june 11continu of the dicki seat cover sagai got anoth one in the mail today it rip also put it on wor than the other one that came rippedno way these will hold up sent them all three back two rip and one veri care rebox thi 3rd one did not rip at the panti hose materi seem but right in the but area where the canva is sewn togeth where you sit realli bad dicki i did not sit in it happen dure instal rip complet outi wa be care instal so there pretti good seat cover for all you drug store cowboysworth the 20 nopoor dicki must be hurt"
"thi gaug is terribl it doe not inflat well the trigger pull is tini your hand will cramp up befor someth is inflat even soccer ball took minut to inflat trust me view what other custom view after thi item and tri those pass on thi dont get sucker in by the low price"
"there are some confus review for thi product that made me curiou enough to buy it to clear up the confus thi tire inflat doe not readili work with presta valv and it doe not ship with an adapt so you will have to get your own adapt i am primarili use it for my bike tire that are rate 110 to 140psi my compressor produc about 110 psi mayb bit more even though thi inflat is on rate up to 100psi i with the 200psi gaug thi allow me to check and correct the tire pressur quicklyi tri the inflat with car tire and notic that the mechan that clip it to the valv is bit unusu and flimsycheap air will escap unless the hose is held total straight and there is no later forc to the connect thi is bit difficult to achiev thi is no differ when i use it with the presta adapt i am not sure i would order thi product again"
"they look fine for few minut after turn them on but then they turn veri undesir shade of purpleish blue i order four two pack of two and all of them did thi in contrast the 42smd model work great i replac all the bulb in my camper with those about 16 total have been run them for hour and they put out much more pleasant white light the bright of the 42smd is about the same as the 68smd anyway if not bit brighter"
"weak implement of mediocr design"
"smaller than expect but pretti thinnot plenti of lint too i dont think theyr worth the savingsid rather pay more and have much better product"
"i wa hope for someth that would easili and quick remov water spot while it will remov water spot that are veri light you can get the same or better result use pasteliquid wax that ha some builtin cleaningpolish agent the meguiar water spot remov did not work on some water spot in one of our sink and the water spot were fresh i use polishingclean wax and wa abl to remov the water spot i think meguiar need to spend more time at the compani and less time out with hi show late i am find that about 12 the meguiar product i buy are wast of money and i can find better product from competitor few of meguiar product are realli good thi is not one of them"
"well thi wa wast of time i tri it twice and didnt get ani better and on the packag it say 34 guarant to remov your oxid or your money back how can i get my money back i dont know if i should tri anoth brand"
"ehhhh what can i say it black past there isnt 34wow34 factor here and the instruct kind of scare me about get it on anyth but black paint so far not impress it come in past tube which crack easi and allow oil from the wax to leak out appic is easi as usual and it give good decent darker shine not what i would call 34wet shine34 i think the idea here is that thi will cover scratch or swirl on black paint not what happen in realiti not feel thi one folk"
"i have been wax car for the better part of 35 year mayb it wa just the car i use thi on but i wa not impress at all with thisth tech wax and number 7 glaze for sure work better on my mini i found thi hard to remov and it had lot of smudg to it i tri it by hand and also with machin still had poor result and will re do the car today i am go to give it tri on anoth dark car i have and see if it is ani better but for now thi doe not work for me and i use almost all of meguar product with no issu"
"i had thi cup holder for about 2 week befor the bolt that held the up came loo and my cup fell off i wa so mad when you get it make sure everi bolt is tight or you will loo it"
"be that thi on come in one size that big downsid i hope to see 3m make other size avail for bigger applic like most peopl are do i instal thi in the trunk of my vehicl and did not notic big differ in road noi reduct i think there are better altern ive seen big mat and bigger roll through other vendor onlin over unless thi is just for around speaker i dont think thi will fit mani applic unless you want to buy lot but if you are buy lot there are some other semi and custom product to fit your exact need"
"these sound proof mat are extrem stiff i want to use them in my vehicl tailgat i took the precaut of take hair dryer out to warm them up so they would fit secur sinc the floor ha some veri wide groov even with that these would not conform to the floor they lay on topit would take sever more purcha in order to cover the whole area there are numer other product out there that seem more reason in cost with thi partial coverag there is no differ in the sound level and i have no confid that these will stay on with the constant load and unload of item sinc they refus to stick to the whole floor but just the top of the wide groov surfac wish they would state that surfac must be complet flat it doe show the mat bend to the curv and bump of door in their direct sure didnt work for me"
"these are basic cheap made in china microfib towel each one ha label on it in addit to edg both of which i believ can scratch your paintyou are much better of with edgeless higher qualiti microfib towel"
"my car ha littl door for the port to plug in thi one but thi guy is too big so i cannot close that door look for smaller altern"
"the pictur show white plastic bottl i did not receiv these the pictur of thi product would make one beleiev that these are thick plastic bottl the bottl that i receiv where not mark in ani way to show that they are from chemic guy and they are clear plastic the sprayer that were includ with my bottl do not turn off when you tighten down the nozzl either"
"the green section is open cell foam like the dark gray foam although littl denser but be open cell doesnt stop dress chemic from soak through to your finger"
"what you want is blutooth version of thi devic and an old andriod devic or crack iphon to use the blutooth function fu appl for connect thi use wifi make your phone useless you will not be abl to connect to the internet use your lte if you have an iphon it tri to connect through the wifi which is connect to thi devicei tri use engin link softwar and wa not happi with it that did not sen my fuel tank and flow function"
"i had some plan for thi that includ vanguard gaem portabl game system suitca with 19 monitor in there that also mount an xbox or such insid for portabl game the xbox itself use 175w the monitor fraction of that yet thi would power neither of them not concurr nor individu nadai pull my harmoni remot charg base in the car tri that and that would power so i knew the invert at least work and isnt defectiveusb charg work for my tablet and my phone although it far more conveni for me to use my dual usb cigarett adapt for thing like that rather than the larg box hereth other major complaint i had is the short cabl for the cigarett lighter give me someth long enough to reach the back of my suv where im more like to have thing set up that need ac power the provid cabl wasnt even long enough to reach from the center mount dash cigarett jack to the armrest between the seat short straight shot i had just enough to reach to put the unit on one of the front seat that wa it and sinc not all vehicl have rear mount cigarett plug someth i think all auto maker should do i have no el i can plug it inhad it work i probabl wouldv given it 4 star take one off for the shot cord but sinc thi 500w unit couldnt even power someth at about 30w let alon someth that on use 175w it complet useless"
"thi is unbeliev i thought i wa buy from reput brand thi is my 2nd energ or i guess power bright is their manufactur invert i got the 1st one earlier thi week it wa return the day it wa receiv becaus one of the 120v wire come off the main board hasnt attach it had come off it wa hold on by 1 strand the replac came in today first thing i check wa that wire through the grill slot it wa attach plug it in to my car batteri via the attach clip power up just find attach 50w led work light 50 watt load at the plug not 50 watt light output work just fine fan didnt power up attach 175200 watt load my dremel rotari tool it pull 15a ive test thi with dmm with the led light there wa sizabl arc insid the unit it continu to arc follow quick by fire and lot of smoke until i remov the posit termin of the batteri from it look like fool tri to blow through the fan open to put it out then quick snap pic with my phoneunbeliev thi is suppo to have the usual safeti circuitri built in none of it work as design it continu to short intern with my batteri connect thi is danger to anybodi who use it with high load i serious question the engin design and manufactur if i had 1 dead on arriv and the 2nd caught on fire due to some intern fault im not go to take it apart to see which compon fail it total unacceptableoh and if anybodi say that dremel wa too much for it ive measur it pull 155a at 110v modifi ac sin wave from my cobra 500watt power invert i have perman mount in my car you know the 25 dollar one on amazon right now i use it on that thing frequent with no issu i step up to energ think it would be good product but the dirt cheap one that ive had year or 2 work better"
"it work good just as most of the review have said but the one i got stunk veri bad when i took it out of the box the smell is similar to the smell that i have found on shoe tool and other product that came from china appear to be someth in the plasticglu they use im smoker so my smeller is not too good but i can smell thi thing from across the room im surpri becaus i read lot of the review befor i bought thi thing and i dont rememb anyth about it smell so mayb i got bad one ive had thi thing out of the box for sever day now but the smell is just as power as the day i open the box for the 1st time ill be keep it becaus it will be use most outdoor were it dont smell as bad but i wont be buy anoth or recommend thi thing"
"thi invert is nonsinusoid basic thi make it unfit for your expen electron like laptop i plug my macbook pro ac adaptorcharg into thi thing and it flash my screen like christma light i hope it not damagedit come in one of those cur weld plastic display hanger that you have to destroy to open that ok though becaus i feel sorri for anyon that would buy thi po junk from china live and learn"
"i wa look forward to review thi becaus we had such great luck usingrainx 80000224312pk origin glass treatment 7 oz pack of 12on the same car for crosscountri drive last fall but had left the bottl at homesuperfici the two product are similar both appli easili and are easili wipe clear after dryingther the similar end although the griot glass sealant doe help rainwat bead on the windshield the bead are larg and dont easili move themselv out of the field of view rainx on the other hand creat myriad of extrem tini rainwat bead that all immedi migrat off the windshield make it unnecessari to even turn on the windshield wiper at highway speedsw did notic e griot glass sealant help smooth and quiet the motion of the windshield wiper dure rain but there wa no chanc of leav the wiper off even in light misti wonder if perhap thi griot product might be better suit for folk want show car windshield to look it absolut best as oppo to someon like me just look for an equiv of rainx"
"i could not stand the smell of thi i threw it out after have it in my car for 5 minut"
"the mount bracket for these light suck the light are pretti bright but i have no use for it sinc i cant mount it nice"
"first thing i test wa how bright it wa next to 55 watt regular halogen headlight thi led wa not even close im guess it might be half as brightproblem i measur the voltag and current at three voltag level first 1205v 134a that come out to 16147 watt next 1292v 124a is 16021 watt final 226v 072a is 16272 watt the voltag and current were measur at the same time for accuraci the built in dcdc convert is probabl about 90 effici at 90 the led are on get about 14645 watt when i compar each led in the bar by shine it 3 inch from sever surfac the 2 on the left are dimmer than the other the far left led is the dimmestsom compani will run there led littl lower voltag to prevent burnout and increa life but thi mean they are not as bright as they should bealso the light wa most white but had yellow area in the spot the len wa scratch and there wa glue on the len and hous mine may have been refurbish model"
"i could not get pair that match or did not have some sort of qualiti issu i could not accept first pair had one light that had the plastic wrap glu to the len they are glu in i return one and order anoth the replac had differ fin count on the hous and did not match the one i kept return both then place an order for anoth pair receiv the second pair and inspect the first one wa perfect the on one with len that wa fulli seat open the second one on to find the len at least 14 inch from seat in the hous just return both ill tri anoth stylei will admit the one i test put out strong beam and the price is cheap but the qualiti wa too cheap for me to keep i will agr with other review about the crappi bracket the provid screw bottom out on the light hous befor clamp the bracket to the hous also other review have mention about moistur in the light i could definit see thi with the crappi way the len is glu into the hous thi could be cure by ad sealer around the edg mayb super glue sinc that is what the mfg appear to use"
"i have an older chevi taho that is work truck it ha develop slight rough idl and i had hope thi royal purpl maxclean would help smooth it out it had tuneup not long ago with new spark plug rotor wire etc and that didnt make much differ either so i have to assum mayb dirti or sticki injector i expect some differ base on the claim made for thi royal purpl fuel system cleaner but it made no differ at all i cannot detect ani differ in how the truck idl or run i think i wast my money mayb it work for certain other problem and might work for you but it is cost and no refund if it doesnt work either"
"i love royal purpl but no differ wish castrol gtx still made there that wa differ"
"first let me start off by state that thi is an unbia review i purcha thi product from amazon unlik mani of the amazon vine product reviewersb an automot technician with an engin background i can not for the life of me recommend thi product to the gener consum make no mistak as other have claim the build qualiti of thi item is great but asid from the rest of the review there is one aspect i havent seen cover that must be addressedth output voltag is way too high for ani automot instal applic after instal the solar array i decid to take some read to see what kind of output i wa receiv befor finish the installfirst sunni day of april 74degr and locat in tnvoltag 242v in direct sunlightamp 03most 12v system recharg at voltag rang between 132147v via the altern or batteri charger hook thi devic in with 24v output even at low amp can caus the batteri to overcharg the ecu to throw an overvoltag check engin code or even wor fri the ecudev such as lawn mower troll motor four wheeler tractor etc that may not use or monitor batteri voltag may be better suit for use with thi although i would not recommend charg even those batteri at such high voltag"
"i chose these sprayer for their chemic resist i use thi acid wheel cleaner in it which work veri well for clean wheel sinc it slight acid i want robust sprayer thi sprayer work the first time but when i tri to use it week later it wa complet clog what piec of crap for thi price point"
"i purcha thi for cleanout plug at our local restaur it wa simpl pvc plug with recess fit i thought thi tool would be great sinc we couldnt get it open i wa wrong first due to the fact that it wa liter in the floor the tool need to be manipul and reshap i did thi by bend the plastic after heat it up first with heat gun i allow the plastic to cool for about 15 minut assur it wouldnt be soft now that it had the right shape i insert the end into the recess fit in the plug on to find that neither side wa great fit one end wa way too larg the next wa about right but due to round corner made the product slide out and essenti warpstrip the fittingi believ at least one if not both of the other review as of april 24th are bs review i tri thi on simpl pvc i couldnt imagin thi thing open brass plug that ha ani tight and perhap even seizur to it i final wound up get it open sinc it wa pvc by take my 2000 heat gun to it soften the plug at the thread and pri it out with flathead which wa so quick and easi i wish i did thi in the first place"
"doesnt do what it promi that sum it up thi isnt cheap piec of electron i purcha thi for one reason which wa claim by superchip the abil to turn off the tpm thi piec of junk doesnt do that doe it elimin one electron 34ping34 ye wa that worth 150 hell nothey claim they 34were work on it34 and it would be fix they havent done so if your jeep will still throw up the tire light it doesnt solv the tpm issu i dont care about elimin singl 34ping34 to the tune of 150thi wa the worst purcha i have ever made for my jk becaus it 34locks34 to your specif jk it isnt return to ani store superchip should be asham they put thi piec of trash out to market with the market they did i am sure it doe some thing well but if you are adverti function that it doesnt have that is seriou problem"
"the trick to get it to adher and protect is ind to spray it thicker than you think howeverwhen they say it 34last about one year34 they mean it slowli degrad over time and look like paint is peel off"
"while i wa look for more griot garag microfib towel i happen across these i thought id give them tryth pro 1361 with free ship when i bought mine pretti good custom product review advert as extra thickth con tag that need to be cutoff the silk band edg are over thick i prefer thinner hem edg not as thick fluffi as i expect in addit these are fluffi on on one side thi wa surpriseclo thoughts6 of these cost less than 3 griot garag microfib towel have use griot garag microfib towel for year theyr better as the old say goe you get what you pay forim not sure im even go to use these i think theyr head to the donat box"
"these cap are design for both 434 and 4534 bumper but they are made of hard plastic rather than rubber like the other there are 3 finger that are suppo to grip the side of the bumper but it is just too tight for 434 bumper it would probabl work ok for 4534 bumper but they need to make version specif for 434 bumpersthi is unfortun as camco make some neat and uniqu stuff for the rver but thi product could use bit of refin"
"i just purcha thi kit i went against my better judgement and didnt go with kensun thi time bad mistak the kit arriv and wa packag veri nice it seem like it wa gonna be great qualiti product i prepar the vehicl for instal and when i went to plug the bulb into the ballast har one of the wire just slid out of the connector poor connect figur no big deal ill just tri the other bulb in the ballast that wa plug inwent to connect it and then anoth wire came apart just tragic qualiti go figur china but thi time it garbag product from china i have had great luck with kensun their product are also chine but high qualiti steer clear of thi product look at and buy kensun product"
"my husband recent remodel and paint merc benz e320 for my winter vehicl sinc we live in western new york where the winter are brutal i thought thi product would be help in keep my newli paint hood in pristin condit we follow the direct as direct and watch sever video over and over again becaus i did not want to make ani mistak after the hood wa pelt with snow sleet and salt from the road my hood look cloudi and it look like it had crack i wa extrem disappoint i wa so upset becaus it worri me if my hood would even come back to it origin condit befor the 3m paint defend wa appliedto remov thi stuff wa not an easi task my husband end up wet sand the hood and then buf it back to high shine i will never consid use thi again i might think about the clear bra film option which is done by profess and is said to last 5 to 7ear the clear bra is more of saranwrap fit hard film instead of spray on finish on your car leav someth like thi to profess who have experi in the field and know which brand and product are worth invest in"
"let me make one thing perfect clear i have veri nice shini black luxuri car i thought id check thi system out to see if it would help me keep my car shini and protect the finish the simpl answer is ye it will protect it but you wont like the way it look i test thi on small part of my car hood first and it wa difficult to spray without dimpl then onc the finish is on it make my shini black car look like it is cover with gray film not at all what i want i think thi may just be problem with shini jet black car and may be less visibl on other color i think it would protect the under finish but you just may not like the way it look"
"i dont care how good you are if you are ani sort of snob about thing look proper and or be done correct thi product is not for youi am one of those that usual here someon say someth doesnt work and think well they probabl did it wrong or in rush thi is not one of those timesi have hunch thi might work much much better on mayb white car but dark color are definit out of the question in my book that is one of the reason i think there is varianc on peopl that like it and peopl that dont anoth thing i think that i think is affect the review are the age of the paint job it be appli too i am posit most are skip have truli clean and proper wax car when appli thislucki for me i did not appli thi to my own vehicl or i would not have been happi i have tri appli thi to hood that is store in our garag becaus of what i read from other peopl it deeper red color thi stuff never realli disappear i could see it on there tri to clean it off wa even wor i stop tri though i dont think that is bad thing it is meant to stay on there i guess problem is if you no longer want it on there it will be hasslei realli cant recommend thi stuff i do think it might work better on car color that typic dont show lot of dirt like white or silver if your perfectionist or have issu with the littl thing thi is realli not for you"
"the prep process for thi product requir lot of attent and focu i had the impress that thi stuff would be pretti straightforward to appli and i suppo it is but it take more work than i anticipatedth result didnt realli match my expect either unfortun the product isnt quit as clear as adverti and isnt as durabl eitherlook perhap under perfect condit you can get the result they promi my real world experi wa differ"
"i wa realli look forward to put thi on my truck you have to appli it in warmer weather 65 if i recal so make sure to plan accordinglyin the end there lot to do to tri to get thi right i didnt get it right the first time but wa abl to reset likewi kit doesnt cover much it basic good for front bra but youd need quit few to say cover the hoodther also ton of prep work but that kind of to be expectedi probabl wont use thi again it doe work but it such pain that id rather just take it to shop pay bit more to have someon el do it and have bit more confid in the applicationi receiv thi from the manufactur for test and review and have share my honest experi in thi review"
"thi stuff is difficult to appli near imposs to remov and doesnt leav good finish stick with regular wax youll get better longer last finish with much less work"
"i appli thi with the help of mechan in hi shop to my fair new merc i wa hope it would work wonder sinc i put on ton of mile in florida it look terribl there are better option out there and i will not be appli thi to my other vehicl too much time is involv and the result are not impress"
"after read the review i decid to tri thi out on paint powder coat basketb pole follow all the direct exact as recommend it look terribl and like everyon el is report it will not come off im veri happi i did not put thi on my car dont do it folk and dont come back here to complain if you do youv been warn"
"im car buff and do most of my own mechan work and all my own detail we have fair new accord 1 year old that i thought it might be nice to protect the front bumper on im familiar with the 3m clear bra system from profess and it is veri veri good but expen so here come what i think is the same product in diy formatfirst you need to realli prepar the surfac for thi product not just wash the car but wash clay machin clean polish but not wax and make sure it is absolut babi butt smooth and that there is no dirt or debri resid on the surfac howev even after do all thi i still had dust on the surfac by time i mask off the rest of the front end so my first attempt wa way less then perfect so i thought ill just peel it off and tri again wrong the easi peel natur of thi product is fiction it mess to remov and will tri your patiencei threw the rest of the product away and figur if i realli want the protect id go to the profess and pay 300 for 3m clear bra treatment which i understand is veri veri good and veri durabl some thing are just better left to the profess and thi fall squar into that categori for me"
"absorb great but doe not leav car spot free i will use thi until i find someth lot better12242013 it been about two and half month now and thi product absorb wor than kleenex i wipe wring it out wipe repeat and it look as if it just rain on my car ive alway use leather chamoi in the past with no issu and now i am suffer from buyer remor"
"thi product isnt much better than bucket of water if you car is rel 34clean34 befor you use thi product then i can mayb see use it for ani amount of dirt on the car beyond that it not worth use becaus the water get dirti too fast and begin to elimin the abil to take more dirt off the car you end up move dirt around on the car with dirti cloth and dirti water think micro scratch on your clear coat if you have newer car"
"what el can i say it is doa tri with gp tri with phone tri differ cabl and didnt work"
"mayb im perfectionist no im reslli not or im just klutz real possibl but i have never been abl to get good result with anyth that wa suppo to keep my work area clean thi sand kit is no except i had nice littl job line up for it pull out fill and sand the dent that i put in the rear of my honda crv frank i gave up tri to use the kit to smooth out the bondo and went unprotect it wa just so much easier and faster that way"
"doe it work ye but doe it work well enough to make huge differ in how you go about sand project nowhat you get sand pad to hold special made disk funki look funnel thing and length of cheap light flexibl hose you are suppo to put these three thing togeth and let me tell you it is pain to do the hose struggl to make connect with the grip becaus the plug end is slight too big and you realli have to work to get it on at the other end you have differ problem the hose is slight too big to make secur connect and it easili dislodg it wa like guy found thi stuff lie around and said hey look what i can make out of these three thingsonc you get it togeth you can not secur it to the vacuum unless it is alreadi run okay i can live with that but it is still kind of kludg design get it all hook up and run and the hose shorten right up and lose much of it flexibilityon the work and it is suck up dust pretti well but it is pain to work with all these limit in the design i find myself ditch thi contrapt and grab good old sandpaperthen when i am done i have to clean thi thing up and find place to keep itbottom line is i will hold on to thi for now but i suspect that thi will end up in the trash at some point i certain would not recommend buy it it is not worth it"
"have to say i hate the way both of these smellth new car smell like burn electron and make me feel sickth leather well it is leather like but more like old worn slight moldi smell leatherin fact it doe smell veri much like pair of 20 year old boot i have that ha been halfsol countless time it comfort smell in an old boot not so much the car"
"thi automat outfit suk big time i went to the jeep dealer to get the link plug in just to make sure everyth wa right on the side of the box contain the link is statement download the free automat app to get start i went to automaticcomapp web site and nowher could i find download command for ani app i kept get shuffl back and forth to appl but could not find an app there either they have an alleg capabl to ask question that got me anoth seriou runaround and no answer thi web site must have been design and built by chimp thi whole oper is the most amateurish i have ever seen i call in some neighbor to see if they could make some sen of thi but to no avail i will readili admit that i may be overlook the obviou but i am not the on one if anyon know how to get thi link thingi to work plea fill me in do i need to dl an app or not if ye then how the way it is now it is not work and i see no connect to my iphon"
"automat is the smart drive assist that is suppo to help you be more effici driver by monitor your drive qualiti and tell you how to improv in short thi is the most expen odb ii code reader you will find that ha such limit set of featur i understand what they are tri to do keep it simpl and over it doe work as adverti i wa hope there wa more under the hood and discov that it is realli quit limitedin the box you get the white automat odb ii code reader dongl if youv never seen thi connector it is like under the dashboard of your car there isnt much el in the box other than nice littl sticker you can put on your window to let everyon know youv got the cool new automat in your car you will also need the iphon app call automat and an iphon 4s or later the reason thi wont work on an iphon 4 or earlier is becaus it use lowpow bluetooth protocol not support on the earlier iphon unlik bluetooth headset you dont need to pair thi with your iphon with the new protocol it just worksi instal the automat app on my iphon 5s first it wa littl disappoint that it requir me to give my name email address and creat an accountlogin to their site to use the app there goe privaci right there whi cant it just tell me how i am drive without requir me to be regist on their sitewhen i first plug automat into my car i got nice beep from the devic itself to let me know it wa plug in the automat app on my iphon now that i wa regist fail to find the devic i tri to plug and unplug few time but eventu i forceclo the app doubl click the home button on the iphon and throw away the app and relaunch it on relaunch it found my dongleonc in the app it is fair simpl when you drive your car it will alert you if you do one of three bad thing hit the brake hard drive over 70 or have hard accel if that happen small sound will play and your driver score will get ding when you stop the car it will record your distanc mpg and rough estim of the cost of that trip base on current ga price it also will maintain cumul driver score the nice part about the app is that it essenti provid you log of your drive while it run in the background of the iphon so you can look back on your drive historyth is also an engin statu page where you can see the statu of the engin and read ani code that may be thrown if your car ha check engin light it can advi you what is wrong problem with the vapor recoveri system might requir tighten the ga cap ye thi can save you trip to the mechan but im not sure how mani other code are that simpleso whi on 3 starsfirst i wa hope that the drive statist would be more mean how about graph of my accel over the trip car effici oxygen sensor etc in fact none of the intern sensor are brought out so i can view them much less log over time all of thi data is aggreg into my driver score i can buy reader for my car that cost less than thi and will link with my laptop to provid live car readout i get that thi isnt their target market but they are charg lot more for thi than their competit it just softwar so whi not provid an advanc screen with live engin statu readout whi not log speed data it just doesnt do that muchsecond there are plenti of highway where the speed limit is abov 70 whi not let me custom thi limit thi devic is not go to be use in place with higher speed limitsthird i didnt mention it in my review but there is crash assist featur that i am dubiou about it say it will get me assist in case of crash use an acceleromet in the devic whi not use the acceleromet in my car or use airbag deploy as proxi how do i know if it is tune right will an accid kick set it off and who monitor the crash system my home alarm system is monitor by ul approv monitor compani gener motor ha onstar i have no idea what sort of backend system automat ha monitor crash alert and what kind of load it can handl not to mention they dont know my cell phone number if i am in crash how will the polic contact me how will i let them know it fal alarm the app and websit are realli spar on thi dataso conclus in short it doe work if your check engin light is on it will tell you the code and let you reset it but 15 reader will do that it will alert you if you make 3 drive error accel too fast drive too fast or brake too sudden but even then the drive too fast wont let you custom it for the roadba on the data theyv given me so far i have littl confid in crash alert it even say beta and i am sore disappoint that for 100 i cant view engin statu sensor or anyth el in my car at the veri least allow me to log accel data on the drive3 star the hardwar seem to work but the softwar ha long way to go to justifi the priceupdateaft use thi for 2 week go on long car trip and drive through congest citi i am updat thi to 2 star as i am remov it from my car and put it away until automat relea seriou softwar updat it is beyond useless i drove down i95 to richmond where the speed limit is 70 as soon as i hit the speed limit it start beep at me veri distract while drive as i said befor if you cant even drive the speed limit without get your driver score ding what is the point i also had car in front of me stop short i slam my brake and got beep at again i dont know what the folk at automat expect me to do when sudden obstacl is in front of my car but i fear the beep alarm could caus me to get startl and have real accidentmi hope for thi devic were that it would be like the priu in term of driver feedback i dont own one but ive driven one and notic the live readout of your mpg you learn to slowli appli the accel and how exact to drive to maxim fuel economi it is live readout of everyth that is what automat could have done live readout dure drive instead i get binari deci on 3 factor two of those factor can be violat for normal reason that have noth to do with bad drive habit and the distract alarm could caus real accid the on feedback i get dure drive itself is rotat icon that let me know drive is in progress serious no other live displaymeanwhil by hide all engin sensor data there are real thing like dirti air filter and low tire pressur that could be report and could realli help fuel economi but automat ignor thi data from the car computerseri i do not recommend thi devic"
"thi product doe exact what it say it doe i plug it into the obdii port on my 2004 bmw m3 and it link up to my iphon 5 took three tri but it workedproblem 1 unavoid it requir you to leav doggl plug into your obdii port my port is just abov my clutch pedal and there is littl door that swing down when the doggl is plug in thi caus my foot to bang into the open obdii port door when i use the clutch thi is unaccept to me i guess i could rip off the doorproblem 2 the doggl emit tone whenev threshold is reach either speed accel or break the tone cannot be turn off it come from the doggl not the iphoneproblem 3 you cannot adjust the threshold for exampl it emit tone when you exceed 70 mph thi is ridicul everyon drive over 70 mph even my 94 year old grandmoth everyon the accel and break tone are similar set with veri low threshold the inabl to adjust the threshold coupl with the inabl to turn off the incess tone will lead me to remov thi from my carproblem 4 it strive to tell you how much each trip cost you but doe not give you the abil to input the price of ga thi make the readout complet unreliableth whole point of thi seem to be to prompt your to get better mileag there is also function to send text messag if you are in major crash presum that mean the airbag deploy it is giant nag and the inabl to custom ani of the threshold make it pretti useless to me it wa constant beep at me after three day of drive with it i have learn to simpli ignor the tone that defeat the purposeupd after leav thi attach to my car for two day of nonus i have dead batteri never had dead batteri befor in thi car and often leav it for week or more without use so i am blame thi devic"
"i love techno gadget but thi is 10000 dollar toy and noth more the featur are veri limit on the devic and most of them i alreadi have on my car sinc it on coupl year old thi wa fun to play with for one day but then i wa over it if your realli gearhead you might get littl more entertain from it but i doubt it save your money"
"the zubi ha so much potenti just think about all the other behavior that when monitor and track improv result fit diet relationship programsth list goe on so whi wouldnt you want to know about your car and drive habit the unit plug neat into the cpuscann port in the car in our volvo it right next to the hood relea lever instal wa liter snap it lock on and activ within short drive around the neighborhood and immedi began compil result i will say that lot of the result are kind of duplic of most modern day onboard system if your car ha mileag comput and nav lof of stuff is be done for you alreadi although perhap not display in such neat roll up dashboard fashionshould you pay 99year for thi the on glimmer of possibl is if you have money to burn and teenag driver you want to monitorperson i hate modern conveni that requir subscript fee gp with realtim traffic locat devic what is the valuead here that justifi shell out big chunk of chang will you save 99 in car insur premium for becom safer driver ga fill up from drive more efficientlythat leap of faith when you add in the murki aspect of not know whatwhyhow your person drive info will be use it seem to me that thi is bad buy if it were one time 99 fee id reconsiderbut annual thank but no thank"
"im glad i read the privaci polici and term of use befor i tri instal thi key and app first off updat to the privaci polici are on announc on the privaci polici page along with the date those chang were made zubi doesnt send out email if they make the privaci polici even more intrus than it alreadi is here are some of the highlight zubi can collect the the locat of your car and cell phone includ when the primari driver is within 500 feet of your car zubi collect your facebook profil includ friend and their contact inform for the purpo of send them zubi ad at the end of your contract your credit card is automat charg again presum with no remind or notic all thi inform will be given when zubi is present with law request from govern agenc no mention of subpoena or court order requir from said govern agenc which beg the question doe the nsa have stock in the compani zubi can sell your inform to third parti vendor or partner includ adverti thi one is copi and past direct from section 10 of zubi term of use i couldnt make thi up if i tri and the allcap are by zubi not me the servic includ all materi and servic avail through the servic are provid on an 8220a is8221 and 8220a available8221 basi without warranti of ani kind either express or impli includ but not limit to impli warranti of merchant or fit for particular purpo or the warranti of non8209infr without limit the forego we make no warranti that the servic will meet your requir b the servic will be uninterrupt time secur or error8209fr c the result that may be obtain from the use of the servic will be effect accur or reliabl or d the qualiti of ani product servic or inform purcha or obtain by you from the servic from us or our affili will meet your expect or be free from mistak error or defectsif your will to sign away all the abov right and more check to make sure the devic will work in your area the zubi key use tmobil cellular servic when i ask zubi they said the coverag actual look good both are show good or excel coverag for the zubi devic zubi doe offer 30 day return polici as wellwhen check with the tmobil coverag map it show my area and at least 20 mile around my town doe not have coverag sinc i wasnt will to sign away my privaci right i never instal the zubi but i do have more faith in the tmobil coverag map than zubi promi given the denial of warranti on their term of use in section 10"
"i have alreadi been test similar deviceautomat link smart drive assistantbut there were some thing i didnt care for with that devic so when vine offer me the zubi i wa definit interest to tri it out howev at veri expen 99year subscript price it pretti hard for me to recommend thi over the automat which doe not come with similar requir for use other review have talk about the privaci concern and it seem that thi devic realli would on be worth consid if you are parent wish to track the drive habit of your teenag driver while thi devic doe have some clear benefit over other such as track your activ even when you dont have the app run the cost of enrol is just way too much for what i get with it when there are other similar devic that dont come with the same requir"
"ive been with amazon sinc they were just sell book and ive been read review for veri long time in fact ive read enough review over the year to becom suspici of the valid of some if warrant that said i am high suspici of mani of the five star rate thi devic is receiv and it give me pausethat said i receiv thi devic not complet know what i wa get there are sever devic out there that do the same thing without subscript 99 year are you kid me and without the privaci issu thi devic seem to be famou for i care read all their onlin document some folk may care less about privaci and that fine im not over concern about it myself but after read their document there no way im sign on for thi or pay them 99 for their serviceif you dont mind them track you and store all your inform and you dont mind pay them 99 year to do that and you dont mind who el receiv that inform then go ahead and jump in im not"
"thi product smell noth like 34new car34 but is not unplea the fresh on last few day my chief complaint about thi is that it is not so much an odor elimin but more of sen of smell eliminatoraft use the product as direct and get use the vehicl the next day i notic that the tip of my tongu wa numb and that my sen of smell wa diminish while in the car and for coupl of minut after leav the car i cross check thi by blind test my wife and friend of mine and they both had the same numbnessdeaden on their tongu and reduc sen of smelli use meguiar product frequent and love the nonaerosol spray odor elimin and will continu the use of that product but never again will i use thi product"
"im pretti big fan of meguair product i jump on thi one as soon as i saw it avail it easi to use and doe the job problem the after smell of the product is less than favor it veri strong and while it not terribl it far from pleasant if they got better fragranc id be will to tri that one thi 34new car34 smell is far from it and far from good"
"ok what market guy dream thi stuff up there are mani wheel cleaner on the market from all the usual suspect the best manag to remov brake dust and other grung pretti effect with bit of scrub and do it without harm clear coat and other alloy wheel finish the key is to get the job done but do no harm the best seem to be the cleaner from armor all and abov all el sonax and p21sfor starter thi dub stuff smell downright weird like cheap perfum and tropic fruit cocktail from 1980 fern bar then there is the color gimmick what with that i definit do not want my recent refinish alloy to turn technicolor green and red while im wash my car and then the litani of warn which all do make me wonder how gentl thi stuff will be and what damag it will do if use regular coupl of time weekand the result on stubborn grimi wheel not on par with the top three name abov not by long shotth verdict one star for creativ albeit misguid anoth star for result i know of no good reason to buy thi product beyond curio about multicolor pina colada scent wheel cleaner what the heck"
"thi ha terribl smell that realli linger awhil it goe on green and turn rust red after about 5 minut then you wash it all off it work well on my wheel to remov the surfac dirt and brake dust without scrub but i would have gotten the same effect with light scrub with wheel brush it did noth to remov small bit of road tar but they came off easili with light brush no damag but not realli worth the effort"
"warn againburgundi color runswash out by hand as it will take mani mani wash to get the red outnot worth ithav been big fan of zwipe for some timeam on my second bulk packag of zwipe regular microfib cloth in pastel color purcha them at amazon48 zwipe for under 23price and color wise thi is the way to goth burgundi waffl weav zwipe are target for stemwar they did fine job on glasswar mirror and comput screen in our homei also find the regular zwipe to be just as effect especi when newwhen i purcha ani zwipe i design half the color for water and windex clean and the other half for polish with wax etcmachin wash with no fabric soften and you are clean well and save the environ"
"know that red item might bleed i decid to put the towel in sink of water to see what happen oh my gosh these towel fade bad i left them soak while wrung them out ad more hot water let them soak againthey fade more i repeat thi process one more time then wrung the towel out let them dri i decid to handwash coupl of them so i soap them up ran hot water on them i couldnt believ that the water wa even redder than befor im wonder if theyll ever stop fadingth two i handwash were use for gener hous clean they did good job dust absorb water keep surfac lint free i will dedic some for glasswar use but might bleach them to hope stop the color bleedbecaus of their waffl weav textur the towel measur about 12 shorter all the way around than adverti they can be stretch to the adverti sizezwip waffl weav towel perform like microfib should but i cannot recommend the burgundi color"
"most basic these are microfib towel so there no much to say they are small thing absorb liquid etc i didnt find ani featur that make them particular notabl the price is okay for six pack but the fray edg let you know that these are fair cheapli manufacturedi use these for dri so it not like the color rub off howev if you soak these they will bleed into the water it best to wash these in the sink if you dont want your laundri to end up vagu burgundi coloredth towel are fine but not great the fact that i have to wash them separ is suprem annoy id look elsewh if your in the market for microfib towel"
"thi zwipe set come with veri nice squeegeestyl blade as well as singl hand towel the blade doe great job of get most of the water off of my car it is soft enough that i dont worri about damag to my paint it remov water in streakfr fashion and then your readi to finish up with the towelth towel isnt so stellar it didnt seem to hold much water and more import it left blue fuzz on my car small pill of fuzz appear after everi few wipe when i got done my clean car wa dot with littl blue piec of the towel i guess ill have to get out the blower and blow them awaywhil i give thumb up to the squeeg ani towel that leav mess on my car isnt someth id buy again"
"veri thin materi not veri warm at all barley break the wind and on cold day is pretti much useless not for winter sport"
"ok i have to admit the price of thi item did not have my expect unfair high it is straight tube neckfac cover with whimsic lower skull imag on both front and back materi is stretchi and easili pull up over the face howev the materi doe not 34breath34 veri well and conden from your breath build up moistur on your face and will steam up glass if you wear them even sunglass and open goggl there is no hem around either end of the tube guess strecthi thread wa not consid and the materi ha start to fray bit for the price thi is cute novelti item but not what i realli need it for i have spent few more buck on better qualiti one and await that one to see if it work better with the conden issu as for thi seller be awar that thi is an intern order china i suspect although it is not list in the post thi equat to veri delay deliveri date exceed the estim deliveri date consid if you want 34novelty34 item that you arent go to wear long thi one is ok if you want one you can wear for wind and cold protect without lot of conden build up on your face spend few buck for better one"
